Obama to meet privately with family of Nelson Mandela
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX fell 3 points, or 0.30 percent, to 995.
Death toll from Egypt violence rises to 638
The MDC called the strike to force Mr Mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the Zimbabwe crisis.
Chinese satellite spots large object in search area
A large dog stands next to a sheep in a field.
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) asked Congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted Internet spam, which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic.
A woman is playing a guitar.
It does sound like your cat is upset about something, and trying to communicate it to you.
Pakistan condemns violence in Egypt
A man pours gasoline.
A man is slicing a bun.
A white bicycle stands on a floor.
The girl flew her kite while she ran up a hill.
ISAF: 4 coalition troops killed in attack involving Afghan police
A woman is picking up a kangaroo.
Since then, Texas Gov. Rick Perry has called two special sessions trying to push the measure through.
"If we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism," he said.
A black hole (briefly), is nothing more than a dead star whose mass was more than 3 solar masses.
One boy is pushing another boy on a swing.
EU to train Mali army to fight northern Islamist militants
Experience: you must have noticed in you project/office that other colleagues who are more experience understand things quickly.
Kurdish rebels to withdraw from Turkey in March: report
Yellow striped cat resting on blue sofa.
Two convicted killers and another inmate escaped from a state prison on a busy street Wednesday by cutting through a fence, a Corrections Department official said.
Tibetan monk dies after setting himself on fire in protest against Chinese rule
Two men are fighting in a cow pasture.
The national denomination of the Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Anglican Communion.
The man is holding a skunk.
Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van de Velde would not confirm an offer was made to Lebo.
Grassley and Baucus said they had rejected that approach in their plan.
But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle, from 1am to 1pm, orientated themselves towards the south-east.
If the number of fours hit by two teams are also equal then both teams will get 1 point each.
A group of people are standing around a red fire truck.
Cars racing on a dirt track
A group of young ladies in bikinis.
The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth.
A little girl on a kid swing.
NZ to increase exports to China
Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know.
The Commerce Commission would have been a significant hurdle for such a deal.
Ten Chinese vessels on standby for jet search
N. Korea looks set to delay controversial rocket launch
The answers so far are already good, but I'd like to add a map for Switzerland:
Ryanair reports record profits but warns growth likely to slow this year
Enron's stock comprised as much as 61% of the workers' 401(k) portfolios.
Car bomb at Swedish consulate in Libya's Benghazi, no casualties
Who cares about the Syrian people?
A television with a show on.
Wind farm developers using 'tricks' to make turbines look smaller
The ideology was built around violent expansion, so yes - VIOLENT expansion.
Prosecutors did an about-face in May and asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of Conner Peterson's autopsy report favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
Five children buried alive in Bohol landslide
A man working in a foundry.
Rice (57-12) and Stanford (51-17) will meet in a winner-take-all matchup at 6:05 p.m. Monday.
French presidential election: first round - live updates
Sunday Times journalist, French photographer 'killed in Syria'
The man has a orange shirt.
The boy played his trumpet.
Romney leads rivals, not Obama, in fundraising
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.
US Attorney general Eric Holder to resign
Six confirmed dead after Philadelphia building collapse
A woman is using a sewing machine.
"I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law," he said.
French Socialist Party wins parliament victory
Three dogs are playing in the water.
Merkel pledges NATO solidarity with Latvia
Ton up: Tendulkar reaches 100th international hundred
Out of touch and untrustworthy?
The rollerblades are moving.
A battle to retake north Mali: Hundreds of French troops drive back al-Qaida-linked rebels
A radio station has suspended two disc jockeys for locking themselves in the studio and continuously playing Dixie Chicks songs, violating the station's two-month-old ban on the group's music.
syria denies the existence of an undeclared nuclear program.
They do not veto laws because nobody will ever adopt a law which is contrary to the expressed queen's will.
He hasn't been funny in years.
Two dogs running along dirt path.
A man is enjoying watching three asian children dance.
Dave Lee Travis pleads not guilty to all charges
Military plane crashes in southeastern Turkey, 1 dead
When Ragin's address was raided, authorities found more than 1,000 credit cards and duplicating machines.
The Lede: Video: Gunman Takes Firefighters Hostage in Georgia
Different parts of California have different wildlife, so you should probably narrow the region.
The question needs to be asked.
1 suspected extremist was provisionally released without bail.
A brown dog sits on the beach.
UN Adopts Syrian Chemical Weapons Resolution
A man and a woman are kissing.
Dozens killed in Nigerian riots
the treaty was first signed in 1990.
UK's Cameron: Syria, Russia must show chemical arms proposal is genuine
The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers' conference in San Francisco this week.
India Ink: Image of the Day: January 16
india accuses islamabad of funding and training guerrillas.
Let's let this play out in court.
Convicted child molester Brian DeVries spoke out in response to community outrage Wednesday afternoon after registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
Five cows grazing on a patch of grass between two roadways.
A black dog lays in the sand.
china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapons.
A black and white cat is high up on tree branches.
US, UK Set to Agree Emergency Oil Stocks Release
A boy runs away from his fishing line.
New major earthquake rocks southwest Pakistan
A wooden table is set with candles, wine, and a purple plastic bowl.
Rolfe said Linksys overtook Cisco Systems last year as the leading supplier of WLAN equipment.
A dog is running along the grass.
Ban to review Syria chemical arms accord
In two weeks, he'll probably send out Peace Rules in the Preakness.
13 dead in Iraq bomb attacks
Tokyo stocks close down 0.26pc
Here's what I saw with my fraternal twins: While learning to speak, all children develop some of their own dialect.
Boris Johnson re-elected London mayor
'Large and extremely dangerous' tornado heads towards Oklahoma City
In September, a 27-year-old Singapore researcher contracted SARS while working in a laboratory.
Women to face higher car insurance premiums
Some of what you can do:
A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street.
Unifi official Rob O'Neill said: "The gloves are off.
Cats may or may not lick a person based on all kinds of things.
Obama lashes North Korea as pariah state
A man in a black shirt is holding a child wearing sunglasses.
Singapore shares open 0.28% lower on Thursday
Abbas to lead Palestinian unity government
Dean told reporters traveling on his 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour that he considered campaigning in Texas a challenge.
A man in a tux on a white horse.
A girl is riding a scooter.
Weapons experts leave Syria, U.S. prepares attack
Kerry pursuing 'quiet strategy' in Mideast peace process
A man is kick boxing with a trainer.
Obama to deliver statement on Syria at White House at 1:15 PM
Sheep are grazing in a grassy field near a stand of trees.
180 dead, 1,300 injured in northwest Iran earthquakes
Shares of McDonald's Corp. and Wendy's International Inc. continued a modest run-up on the New York Stock Exchange Monday.
Allen Steele's book Hex describes a Dyson sphere, but made of hexagons, 1000 miles (K?
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."
At least 78 killed in Pakistan church bombing
This cannot be answered in general.
the iranian government has dismissed the allegations in the intelligence presented to the international atomic energy agency board as baseless and the intelligence used to support the allegations as fake.
The mock explosion of a radioactive "dirty bomb," the first event in the weeklong drill, occurred on several acres in the south Seattle industrial area.
Egyptologists cast doubt Tuesday on an expedition's claim that it may have found the mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the best-known ancient Egyptians.
Three Afghans dead in new blast at US base in east Afghanistan
There are a lot of push up variations you can do and they all stress different muscle systems.
Moderate earthquake jolts NW Pakistan
A large black and white cow in a field.
A woman is deboning a fish.
Constellations are human constructs to make sense of the night sky.
A person is quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife.
A girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash.
A man is riding a skateboard.
my final word: ignoring has the effect of normalizing.
Two brown dogs runs through the water.
Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said it had greeted The Lancet's call with "amusement and disbelief'".
Iran, six world powers clinch breakthrough nuclear deal
Some men are skating on the road.
Two Indian women with two Indian girls near the water.
A man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean.
Earnings were affected by a non-recurring $8 million tax benefit in the year-ago period.
The woman is riding on the brown horse.
Russian warplanes strike inside Syria
Meanwhile, Funny Cide's trainer, Barclay Tagg, called the allegations "ridiculous."
Abduct Israelis to free prisoners, Gaza leaders say
A man is kite surfing away from the camera.
A girl in a black and blue wet suit is surfing.
indian nationals constitute the largest number of foreign inmates in nepal prisons.
It depends on generally syntactic structure of two languages and -yes- some pragmatic issues.
Mr. Swan's group supported the governor's Democratic opponent, Bill Curry, in the 2002 election.
A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow.
EXCLUSIVE-UPDATE 1-Egypt pro-Mursi alliance signals flexibility in talks
Grant Thornton claims that it too was the “victim” of a fraud.
Someone is slicing an onion.
A black dog running into the water.
The woman is waterskiing.
US, China fail to paper over cracks in ties
Bombings, clashes as Syria opposition seeks arms
Two eagles are perched on a branch.
The man and woman are walking.
"The concrete barriers (between lanes) were being tossed around like feathers."
Fashion designer Lilly Pulitzer dies
US-Russia reach agreement on Syria
A spokeswoman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was in satisfactory condition Tuesday night.
I compared homo phobia with a developmental disorder.
A Royal Duty is based on his experiences with Diana, Princess of Wales and letters allegedly to and from her.
Raid on Boston Marathon bombing suspect captured on film
Black and white cow standing near pile of snow.
A group of six people sitting at a table with salad served.
A man is rinsing a steak.
An elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art.
The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.
UN monitors unable to reach site of Syria killings
In midafternoon trading, the Nasdaq composite index was up 8.34, or 0.5 percent, to 1,790.47.
Whistleblower Edward Snowden flies to Moscow
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad today after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for.
A man is finely chopping a green substance.
I have  years of "Neener Neener" rights I use lettuce too.
A woman beats two eggs in a bowl.
A man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face.
A black man and his dog on the beach.
But the FBI never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi - even though it had received information that he was a Saudi agent, the document says.
Li Na to announce retirement
"Jane" wants me to ask the helpful party guest to pay for it.
A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt.
There is no 'still' that is not relative to some other object.
A black dog runs through the water.
He refused to reveal what percentage of flights carried sky marshals, or whether they would be increased.
A woman is chopping cilantro.
A man in a blue dress shirt.
29 people were convicted by the quang ninh people's court of participating in a drug ring that trafficked heroin from vietnam to china.
Two people holding hands and walking in a field.
China mine accident kills 10
The Note's Must-Reads for Tuesday, October 8, 2013
russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004.
iran lies on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe, as well as the persian gulf states.
Children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.
A baby is crawling across the floor.
A woman rubs a baby's leg.
Three white sheep in an enclosure.
Still, the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product, Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said.
Innocent or not, "she's damaged goods," said Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm in New York.
Men are sawing logs.
The technology-packed Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> dropped 37.78 points, or 1.94 percent, to 1,912.36.
indian and pakistani governments each conducted nuclear tests in may 1998.
Scores Killed In Egyptian Protests
Greek PM calls for May 6 general election
Two men wearing bike helmets.
Egypt's interim president swears in new Cabinet
buwhahahaha Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On.
A man standing on a boat is pulling another boat close by with a bamboo stick.
Dozens reported killed in Venezuela prison riot
The person is starting a fire.
My parents have told me it is bad for you.
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution."
neighboring kyrgyzstan has also experienced raids by taliban-backed islamic militants in recent years.
That's not the Moloch scene, though.
Bradley Cooper and JJ Abrams in talks about filming a Lance Armstrong biopic
Site Finder has been visited 65 million times since its introduction, Galvin said.
I'd suggest you look to the constructions of the native language(s) of your students.
A group of dark-skinned people are walking past barbed wire.
The new companies will begin trading on Nasdaq today under the ticker symbols PLMO and PSRC.
I have done quite a bit of technical writing for healthcare information systems.
Romney wins Maryland Republican primary
There are a few possible reasons.
As a result, Murphy sought to substitute Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, as the trustee.
Ukraine rivals sign deal to end crisis
That took the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR down 9/32, its yield rising to 3.37 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.
A child runs into and out of the ocean waves.
I'd say it primarily depends on two things:
Israeli military court rejects appeal of Palestinian hunger striker
Tunisia lifts curfew after riots
The NPK numbers on the fertilizer represents the percent, by weight, of Nitrogen, P2O5 and K2O, respectively.
Second teenager charged with murder
Obama urges no new sanctions on Iran
Japanese planes flew into China's new defense zone
EU ministers 'determined' to resolve horsemeat scandal
"It appears from our initial report that this was a textbook landing considering the circumstances," Burke said.
A woman is peeling an apple.
A woman is cutting raw fish.
One of the key suspects in the October nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people in Bali went on trial Monday amid tight security.
Forecasters said warnings might go up for Cuba later Thursday.
Three killed in horror crash are named
Syria's Muslim Brotherhood faces uphill battle
A dog in a "superman" shirt sleeps on a blanket.
LendingTree matches borrowers via the Internet with more than 200 mortgage brokers, banks and other lenders.
Hurricane Isaac batters US coast near New Orleans
The lady added cheese to the sauce.
Democrats Face Divide Over a Strike on Syria
If I had to pick, Linhof would be my choice.
Girl accused of burning Koran bailed
Swartz had sought to have the charges dismissed, saying New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
Gore Vidal, celebrated author, playwright, dies at 86
A girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline.
Except that they couldn't.
beijing police apprehend more than 20 people including 8 foreigners in suspicion of using and trafficking drugs in 2 pubs in a popular downtown area.
The raven droned as is hopped along the grass.
Salmon is a great choice and it's readily available pretty much everywhere.
Runners race around a track.
Russian Air Force celebrates 100th anniversary
UN votes to eliminate Syria's chemical weapons
Britz earned $3.77 million in salary, bonus and other compensation, and Kinney earned $3.76 million.
A guy is playing hackysack
sharia is islamic law.
I agree with others (and yourself) in that I have never heard this phrase in English.
People who are good at the philosophy of mathematics are mathematicians and not philosophers.
Indian rape accused found guilty
Sachin Tendulkar says I'm not God, I'm Sachin
A woman is cutting a jalepeno.
On Saturday, a 149mph serve against Agassi equalled Rusedski's world record.
No, nothing in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act grants the President transitional authority.
He definently has supporters.
Austrian found hoarding 56 stolen skulls in home museum
Obama visits tornado hit Oklahoma
A monkey is walking on a bed.
As others have said, "ten of six", though not used in many English speaking areas, would be understood as 5:50.
Authorities looked to the public yesterday for help in solving the deadly sniper-style shootings of three people outside Charleston-area convenience stores.
Obama Struggles to Soothe Saudi Fears As Iran Talks Resume
A group of people playing soccer on a soccer field in front of a crowd.
A man is taking pictures of a lake.
Hezbollah urges to elect new Lebanese president
Dolce and Gabbana convicted of tax evasion
A potted plant with only a few sprouting.
In Hong Kong, 24 patients were quarantined Wednesday after seven public hospital workers developed flu-like symptoms.
The meeting was scheduled to end Wednesday night, with attendees approving resolutions that express the denomination's view on issues but that are not binding on churches.
Germans account for more than 40 percent of foreign visitors coming to Italy.
A human riding a skateboard.
You've answered your own question already.
A young girl swinging off a tire swing
Taliban pose as 'attractive women, on Facebook for spying
Two women in a sailboat.
A girl is brushing her hair.
The witness was a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant, who was paid by the News of the World, the court heard.
Kittens are eating from dishes.
British teenager killed in Magaluf hotel fall
Defense lawyers had requested a change of venue for two reasons: They argued that massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
"It's a major victory for Maine, and it's a major victory for other states.
A woman is slicing a pumpkin.
A man pours wine in a pot.
The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.
Eurozone backs Greek bailout
But skeptics are concerned about the ease with which vendors can use these hardware-based security features to set digital rights management policies.
World Cup live: Germany 0-0 Ghana
The religious people are enjoying the outdoors.
A baby elephant is eating.
Eurozone agrees Greece bail-out
The man spanked the other man with a stick.
A skateboarder jumps off the stairs.
World news headlines displayed on a large screen.
A woman is cleaning a garden.
A bag of cotton in front of a couch.
Pakistan's Malala leaves hospital to await surgery
Two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building.
Bangladesh Honors Factory Victims
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.
Two airplanes in the sky.
Amazon launches new device for streaming video
A kid runs away from a fish swinging around on a fishing pole.
A cat is rubbing against a baby.
A man is buried in the sand.
He is taking the diaper off because he is uncomfortable.
Germany ready to help Syria chemical mission
New legit download service launches with PC users in mind.
National Breast Cancer Centre chief executive Professor Christine Ewan said it was too early to quantify the risk to women.
Bangladesh building disaster death toll passes 500
Palestinian Shot by Israeli Police in East Jerusalem Dies
The trial, which could last until early 2004, is expected to hear the first of 125 witnesses Friday.
Saudi Urges U.N. Action against Israel Strikes on Syria
FACTBOX-Security developments in Iraq, February 1
US drone strike kills 11 in Pakistan
Tsunami warning: No need for SA to panic
A man is cutting a pipe with scissors.
Narendra Modi pledges tough stand against Pakistan
Those may be my top . The money I spent adopting Velociraptor.
Red October standing by.
China's troubled Xinjiang hit by more violence
Searchers hoping pings come from lost Malaysian airliner
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will have to say about him at tonight's $2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser.
A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud.
Chinese yuan weakens to 6.2816 against USD
Amazon and the New York attorney general's office have already settled with one of the alleged e-mail forgers.
Shares in EDS closed on Thursday at $18.51, a gain of 6 cents.
BuyMusic is the first subscription-free paid download music service for PC users.
Politicians in flag violence talks
July 1st is the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to Chinese rule.
The dogs are alone in the forest.
Exclusive-UPDATE 2-Egypt pro-Mursi alliance signals flexibility in talks
Two puppies playing with a plastic bag.
Two cats are sitting on the back of a couch and looking out the window in a sea photo.
A child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water.
US offers $10 million for Pakistani militant chief
The people threw the dummy over the cliff edge.
"I know this sounds counterintuitive, but it's true: City-grown pollution -- and ozone in particular -- is tougher on country trees," U.S. ecologist Jillian Gregg said.
There is no quarantine period.
a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that gerhard schroeder stated that gerhard schroeder is not against the sale of the plutonium-processing facility in principle.
Mexico storm death toll continues to rise
A person wearing a bike helmet rides a bike on a path through trees.
Fact check: Obama's Supreme Court remarks
London Marathon observes silence for Boston victims
Do you understand why it's absurd to limit the question to US residents?
Indonesia: Schoolchildren among 14 killed by Indonesia volcano eruption
U.S. Drone Kills Five Militants in Pakistan
Only Intel Corp.'s 0.3 percent yield was lower.
A man ties his shoe.
Thai protesters storm army headquarters
Palestinian prisoners arrive at Muqata in Ramallah
Insiders Reveal 2012 Election Secrets
In the second quarter, consumer advertisers continued to spend the most online, slightly increasing their share.
A dog running with a stick in it's mouth.
Hebei has reported 191 cases and eight deaths, though the WHO experts did not say how many were in rural areas.
Several men pull a fishing net up on to the beach.
Two brown horses standing in grassy field.
Iran excluded from Syria peace talks: UN
A man jumps off a rock into the water
the agreement was signed during a regular meeting of chiefs of defense staff from the 26 nato allies.
Keita Wins Mali Presidential Election
War in the middle east.
The plane was estimated to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.
Maldives president quits after weeks of protest
But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.
Jaya Prada likely to join BJP, Amar Singh to decide for her
A white cow with big ears looking into the camera.
Gunmen 'Kill 15' In Second Kenya Attack
AU leaders meet for Africa Day
A little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide.
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications.
China sends aid team to Philippines
Israel expands subsidies to settlements
Since you have one ticket, you don't have to worry.
the conventional forces in europe treaty was amended in 1999.
A woman is slicing a carrot.
U.S. drone strike kills 10 in northwest Pakistan: officials
A small child smiling at the camera.
Sierra Leone Reaches Final Day of Ebola Lockdown
It is his job to see that you have what you need to do your job.
Kurdish rebels to withdraw from Turkey
saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy and has a consultative council appointed by the government.
5 killed in S China road cave-in
An alternative would be to expose her solely or additionally to Hindi in daycare.
You should stop prefixing or suffixing everything with you hate Jews.
A man crouching and holding a camera.
Two blasts rock Syrian capital
The U.S. appears to have a smaller shadow economy for a few reasons in no particular order.
I have no problem with those that have money!
A black dog is running through the snow.
A small white dog wearing a jacket looks up at the camera.
Eight bottles of Harp lager lined up on the floor.
The searches were conducted simultaneously with raids on strip clubs in San Diego and Las Vegas.
Last night Japanese forces attacked the Philippine Islands.
The Nasdaq composite index added 30.46 points, or 2 percent, to 1,520.15.
Elegant dining room with wood furniture.
The black and white dog is swimming in the river.
A baby is laughing and crawling on the floor.
officials state that decision about the treaty will depend on u.s. action on its plans to deploy missile defense systems in poland and the czech republic.
Come and get me, says Thai protest leader as anti-government riots grow
A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience.
Romney shifts focus to Santorum ahead caucuses
For the full 12-month period ending June 30, 2003, advanced services lines for ADSL increased by 37 percent and cable modem connections increased by 75 percent.
Girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet.
In Pakistan, army adamant on fighting the other Taliban
Egypt braces for more protests over Morsi, prays for calm
The two dogs blend in with the stuff animals.
A man is playing a football.
Buoyed by advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 on Thursday to enter today's round with a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.
The lady put the skewered shimp in the hot water.
A boy is playing with a toy.
BAT also said Antonio Monteiro de Castro, director for Latin America and the Caribbean, would become chief operating officer on January 1, 2004.
Spot gold was quoted at $358.65/359.15 an ounce at 0500 GMT, having darted as high as $359.25 -- a level not seen since February 25.
saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated that -- the eu embargo explicitly states that no military equipment should be supplied either directly or indirectly for use in myanmar.
EU, Myanmar work toward investment protection agreement
A dog runs across the grassy field.
His aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more bloodshed, a view shared by many in Liberia.
"I notice a mood change in their priorities," one politician said.
Two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation.
Drug lord captured by marines in Mexico
There are two men near a wall.
Yes, it's true that the apparent size of the Moon is 30 arcmin.
That victim, a New Jersey resident, was in critical but stable condition at the hospital.
Washington's Acts of Congress sells for $9.8M
ahmad is fighting extradition to the united states and lodged a formal complaint alleging that british police concocted intelligence reports to implicate ahmad in terror activities and desecrated the koran.
Excluding litigation charges, RIM's loss narrowed even further to 1 cent a share.
A dog running on the grass
A little blonde girl is standing in front of a water fountain.
Having fairly recently taken up the sport myself, I feel your discomfort.
Also it is useful to keep the consistency in your story.
russia ratified the amended treaty.
South African icon Nelson Mandela hospitalized
Sign language maybe, since there is no tone to convey meaning, emotion or intent.
A kid is talking in class.
A cat gets stuck on a moving ceiling fan.
Obama aide holds talks in China after Syria veto
Gunmen kill nine foreigners in Pakistan
A little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose.
What the Papers Say, May 20, 2013
ElBaradei to Become Egyptian PM
It is true that bombs in World War II would make a whistling sound as they fell.
A teenage girl running on a beach shouting, with an older man walking behind her.
Israeli army orders settlers out of Hebron house
I am not convinced that positivism is routinely asociated to a leftist ideology.
Four Morsi supporters killed in Egypt clashes
Fresh rain brings more flooding
Iran and world powers set for nuclear talks
Green Lantern to be reintroduced as gay by DC Comics
according to the statement the rs-24 reinforces the military potential of the strategic forces to overcome anti-missile defense systems.
A girl is riding a bicycle.
A group of people are wearing orange shirts.
We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September, Strayhorn said.
23 killed in Iraq car bombings
Israel, Hamas reportedly agree to 12-hour truce
A dog jumps through a hoop.
Security tightened at New Delhi churches after attacks
A yellow car speeds along a snowy field.
Egypt votes in new constitution
many of the people executed are hanged in public.
Moose's book goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the sniper shootings started in the Washington area.
This is a problem that the professor has to deal with.
A man is standing in the rain.
The Chelsea defender Marcel Desailly has been the latest to speak out.
The man erased the work on the board.
A young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball.
A young man is dancing.
A tiger cub is making a sound.
Other people have no confidence at all in teh people running these institutions.
Manchester City wins second Premier League title in three years
the iaea has been investigating iran's nuclear activities for 4 years.
A bus drives down a busy road.
Syria rebels leave besieged Homs
Israeli soldiers began tearing down settlement outposts in the West Bank yesterday - an Israeli obligation under a new Mideast peace plan.
lay down a knife horizontaly on the cloves and hit it.
Man and woman found dead in Essex hotel swimming pool
Thai bonds best in region
The girl is using an eye pencil on her eyelid.
Congress has added a new benefit - an option to buy insurance coverage for prescription drugs.
A person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person.
"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.
A man is running on rope.
The director of the Office of Medical Access, Cindy Cripps-Prawak, left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors' offices.
The attorney representing al-Halabi, Air Force Maj. James Key III, denied the charges, according to The Associated Press.
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA's annual lottery Thursday night.
Southwest China quakes kill at least 50
Police target illegal tobacco syndicate
A man is playing a guitar.
A woman is chopping onions.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977.
A man is levitating.
A young boy plays in a red ball pit.
An animal is chewing on a key chain.
Three people stand in an outdoor glass structure.
US, Canadian imams issue fatwa against honour killings
Zimmerman replied, "What are you doing here?"
The Senate agreed Tuesday to lift a 10-year-old ban on the research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
Police fire tear gas at protesters
EU finance ministers‚Äô talks b...
Isaac nears Haiti with homeless quake population
Two British soldiers killed in Afghanistan
This is the tip I find most useful:
I disagree with Josh Bruce on some of his tips.
It is hard to speak for a team, know what their strategy is going into a draft.
A woman in a red jacket is video taping a natural landscape.
The animal is hopping.
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409, after accounting for inflation.
A young men jumps off rocks into a lake.
The family owns Cheetahs strip clubs here and in Las Vegas.
Man wearing a bib sitting on a green couch.
A man is cleaning a glass door.
Two men are practicing football.
Iran's Khamenei renews support for nuclear talks
A woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush.
Nine killed in gun attack in Pakistan
Yes, it's about dilution.
He also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully.
Iranians “confess” to nuclear scientist murders
Several people are carrying large bags.
A man plays the drum.
A lady fastens someone's ice skates in the snow.
I will be specific to answering the part regarding the prediction of solar flares.
A young boy jumping into a lake.
A person skiing down a snowy hill.
a woman is standing by a pillar where "u2" is written.
fan stated the commission is primarily concerned with the term of future investment in taiwan.
A man is holding a animal.
you have no witnesses for a missile at the pentagon.
Black and white cat lying under bush.
Two explosions at Boston Marathon finish line
On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely.
A maintenance guy is repairing a net on a tennis court.
"We are expending all available resources toward the investigation," said Assistant U.S. Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counterterrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
A pink bicycle is in front of a building.
ICC Champions Trophy: India vs South Africa
A silver AreoMexico Jet Liner sitting on the tarmac.
Four men admit London bombs plot
China yuan weakens to 6.1535 against USD
The woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette.
A puppy is pushing itself backwards.
"Get the government into everything?"
US Supreme Court limits president's recess appointments power
A group of people sing.
Snowden's hits hurdles in search for asylum
my hair is pretty thing tho :/ woops!
Is Madeleine McCann Still Alive?
First post office savings bank ATM opens in Chennai
North Korea's third test brings it closer to nuclear power status
The report forecasts there will be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year, up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001.
A dog in the snow.
Sorkin was to have been tried separately on charges of conspiracy and lying to a grand jury.
Obama orders Syria 'gas attack' inquiry
An elderly man works on his laptop at home.
Men are playing cricket.
photo of a television screen showing a movie.
Kitchen with wooden table and cabinets.
Death toll rises to 29 in India's Mumbai building collapse
Mitzna and party secretary Ophir Pines agreed to convene party organizations within 10 days to discuss whether new primaries would be held or a temporary leader appointed.
Blue chips edged lower by midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
I'm American, and I've never heard the bathroom referred to as St. John's.
the bill for the new law was already approved by the japanese government's lower house last week.
A large jet on the ground at the airport.
The girl applied face makeup to a man.
the united states and the allies of the united states believe iran is pursuing nuclear arms.
Yours looks like the one we used for my kids (same brand and everything).
A man is skating down a set of stairs.
Cover the entrance to the doorway with a old carpet and use a staple guns to secure it.
A man is playing a guitar and singing.
Ankara says all four suicide bombers were Turkish.
Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev
I've noticed a remarkable difference when I run on the treadmill vs when I run on the road.
U.S. orders non-essential staff to leave Sudan, Tunisia
Iran, powers set for high-stakes nuclear talks
Three men are dancing.
But JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment".
a little girl is laughing at the camera.
He was the ace of diamonds in a U.S. deck of cards showing pictures of most-wanted Iraqi leaders.
A woman places two eggs into a pot of water.
Yes, I believe it's a good idea.
Ten rescued off Waterford, Dublin coasts
The girl is carrying a baby.
DreamTech never been ejaculated on as far as I know.
the international atomic energy agency plan draws out negotiations for many months.
EU sanctions Assad's wife; mortars hit Homs
The Ministry of Defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers.
Israel among top arms exporters in world: report
The couple is sitting near the water in lawn chairs.
A girl is flying a kite.
Russia asks UN to consider its inquiry of Syria chemical arms use
At Wednesday's summit, Abbas pledged to end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
Obama endorses same-sex marriage
The government recently shelved peace talks with the MILF, being brokered by Malaysia, after a string of attacks, including three bombings, on Mindanao.
Hollywood trade publication Variety put up for sale
Room with several computer monitors.
A kitten eats some food.
If you want to buy a house or a SUV, again, who cares?
Isaac drenches Haiti, heads toward Cuba, Florida
A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool.
Ukraine opposition demands Yanukovich resign
A man and woman are posing for the camera.
Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.
Police: Explosion in Belfast Cathedral Quarter
Analysts polled by Thomson Financial First Call had been expected to see a loss of about 11 cents a share from continuing operations.
Kids play in the water
A man is playing a wooden flute while several other men play bongo drums.
A red and brown bird is perched on branches.
Two dogs bound across the grass.
WikiLeaks Releasing Trove of Syria Documents
The road is long.
AP Poll: Majority Harbor Prejudice Against Blacks
Tatar was being held without bail in Armstrong County Prison today.
Media freedom at stake as Turkey fights rebels
My kids busted in and said 'whats that Dad?'
Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as ``one of the most important Muslim nations.
Start of San Fermin bull-running festival briefly delayed as view obstructed by Basque flag
A woman rides an elephant.
Officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, and Reyna dropped a knee into his back, according to testimony.
The group of people are enjoying the outdoors.
Iran's Parliament Questions A Dismissive Ahmadinejad
A kid is playing a guitar.
"This was a persistent problem which has not been solved, mechanically and physically," said board member Steven Wallace.
The stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close on Friday at $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange.
The biker is doing dangerous stunts.
capital offenses in saudi arabia include rape, murder, apostasy, armed robbery and drug trafficking.
Our interactions are merely depends on where we put our perception.
Obama relaxes deportation rules for young immigrants
N Korea postpones family reunions
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on July 6
"I marched in the streets against Richard Nixon and the Vietnam War," she said.
A jet is flying.
A black and white photo of a glass bottle of Coca Cola.
09:32 Putin signs off Crimea annexation
A man is mowing a lawn.
A man picking up a big rock.
A woman wearing a pink shirt jumps in the air with her arms and legs spread to her sides.
Many killed in Japan road tunnel collapse
A woman is filing her fingernails with an emery board.
Most of the literature I can find about infant sleeping has to do primarily with waking habits, not eating habits.
It's a tautology, but the mapping between logic and the English-language description is wrong.
A steam engine and train moving toward the camera.
A horse galloping while wearing the number 4.
The white train is sitting on the tracks.
Do we agree that they came down essentially in freefall?
Nadal through to seventh French Open final
Russia gives initial OK to American adoption ban
A woman in a gray shirt smiles for the camera while the woman behind her makes a face.
A blue scooter parked on a sidewalk.
Man with pink shirt sleeping on chair with infant.
A woman is cutting some fish.
Teenagers among 5 dead in Belgian bus crash
The girl trotted the horse.
Four black dogs run across the grass.
Cameron to hold talks with Sturgeon on UK future
Very crowded office desk with computer monitor on.
Several sheep grazing in the field.
I found some link that might be of help to you:
Suicide blast kills 1 in Afghan capital
Sail boat floating on the blue water.
Why is the speed of light 299,792,458 m/s, and not (for instance) 3,1 or 4,3 x 10^44 m/s?
You are making this too complicated.
The Han Dynasty came after the Qin Dyansty, after the government under Shi Huang Di collapsed.
Hollande wins French presidential election
Pakistani plane crashes with 127 on board
A woman is cracking an egg.
Peaceful anti-G8 protest held in Belfast
The women are sitiing down.
South Africa's Nobel laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu says he does not understand all the fuss about appointing a gay bishop, but he has urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.
'Fast &amp; Furious' star Paul Walker dies in car crash
Police arrest suspect in deadly LA driving attack
A man is cutting grass.
When Muslims are extreme it's terrorism.
A woman is dancing in railway station.
A cat is drinking some water.
This led last month to the recovery of the 600-pound Cancun altar, Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society announced Wednesday.
A cruise liner docked at a port.
Russian court releases Greenpeace ship doctor on bail
Texas sues over Syrian refugees
Bahrain race goes ahead amid unrest
Turkey's Erdogan in Iran to mend ties after split over Syria
A black pet dog runs around in the garden of a house.
A group of teenagers jumping and having a good time.
Syria's tenuous truce takes hold
Two dogs and a cat resting on a couch.
"What can I say to you?" he told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
Wal-Mart lowers fee for holiday layaway program
Qatari emir hands power to son Tamim
India's Anti-Graft Party Forms Government in Delhi
A man is using a laptop.
Three feared dead after helicopter pub crash
A woman is slicing potatoes.
A man with a crutch lying on the ground.
A living room with large sofas and a dining table in the background.
Time of the Season by the Zombies We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Search ends for missing asylum-seekers
Bone fragment 'could be King Alfred'
There is a very good reason not to refer to the Queen's spouse as "King" - because they aren't the King.
Maximum sustained winds were around 40 mph, with stronger gusts.
Iran says serious issues remain in nuclear talks
A New iPad Is Coming
Someone is slicing a tomato.
BP sells Gulf of Mexico assets to Plains for $5.55 bn
With 97 percent of precincts counted tonight, 68 percent of voters opposed the tax.
A woman plays on a flute.
A black dog is jumping out of water.
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and was barred from the complex.
You answered your own question.
A dog licks up a baby's drool.
A man and woman are Bollywood dancing.
A woman is getting doused in green slime.
Two men on the side of a barge
First, let me say I've no experience doing battle with Bermuda grass.
The Communications Workers Union, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called the executive pay package excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 annually.
The procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester.
President heading to Bahrain
Pete Slover reported from Laredo and Gromer Jeffers from Albuquerque.
Two skinny young boys playing with sand in the water.
James Rohr, chairman and chief executive officer, said PNC regretted the incident.
Four blue and yellow planes flying over four boats.
A man sharpens a pencil using a knife.
a hp/detijd journalist learned about tno's chemical weapons experiments from the defense ministry's archives.
Leon Williams' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville.
the african union has proposed a peacekeeping mission to aid the struggling transitional government in stabilizing somalia, particularly after the withdrawal of ethiopian forces.
Hugo Chavez: Venezuelan officials for unity
Ocean liner close to coast with houses in the background.
Thai opposition announces election boycott
China, India vow to further bilateral ties
A lady and her daughter look through a microscope.
"MediaMax performs EXACTLY as "advertised" to the companies who purchased it," Jacobs said in the statement.
A child is walking down the street as a jeep pulls up.
"Unlike many early-stage Internet firms, Google is believed to be profitable.
Additionally often people will think a downhill marathon is easier, but in fact, is often harder than an uphill marathon.
A little girl is riding a toy tricycle on springs.
Representatives for Puretunes could not immediately be reached for comment Wednesday.
Spain jobless rate hits new high
Stout previously worked for General Electric subsidiary GE Capital Service Inc., where he was vice president and chief technology and information officer.
If I owe you , dollars, I have a problem.
CBN reiterates plan to phase out polymer notes
A woman is feeding a baby.
A person dressed in white on a brown horse.
A woman is swimming underwater.
A black and white cat and dog on a striped couch.
ukraine almost has all of the necessary approvals to join the european space agency's program.
March  is also the date for the uprising in CHINA.
Bryant previously said that hike had a greater impact on demand than officials expected.
Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
Israel airstrikes kill Hamas commander, 5 others
A cat and a boy play together.
British stuntman fell to his death in wing suit mishap
Why are Russians in Damascus?
Nine children die in attack in Afghanistan attack
Israel launches air strikes near Damascus
Three young women standing in a room together.
The dog plays in the park.
Both the House and Senate bills would end the ban on research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
A man skateboards on a half pipe.
She said Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena.
A black and white dog swimming in the pool
Three children sitting in floor playing with several toys.
The little girl is putting her hair into a pony tail.
Charles Cullen, 43, was transferred from the Somerset County Jail in Somerville to the Anne Klein Forensic Center, a 150-bed psychiatric treatment facility in Trenton.
A man riding a white horse in an arena.
Irreligion that does that I have a problem.
The man poured oil on the cut tomatoes.
A young boy sings and plays a guitar.
spokesman themba maseko stated as long as administrative papers are in order south africa cannot intervene to prevent weapons being transported through south african territory to zimbabwe.
The Boston Archdiocese has faced waves of scandal that have not only angered victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests.
Death toll 'rises to 17' after typhoon strikes Japan
Butler to be tried in "Vatileaks" case
The # 2 greyhound dog is running around a track.
Alleged cop killer died from gunshot
U.S. Sees No Conclusive Evidence of Chemical Arms Use by Syria
The men are playing cricket.
Deaf NY Starbucks patrons sue, say they're mocked
The lady peeled the potatoe.
A person is kicking a soccer ball back and forth between his feet.
Strauss-Kahn charged in prostitution vice ring
My Sheriff has told me its bad for you.
Two men are pushing carts.
Both rebels and government forces, including those loyald to Taylor, have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite a peace deal.
a man and woman walking past a record shop
Lance Armstrong confesses all to Oprah
Sudan Blocks YouTube Over Anti-Islam Film
A person above their surfboard on the water.
A boy is running in front of fish hanging on fishing rod.
godzhayev and godzhayev's lawyers were not immediately available to comment.
Syrian Opposition Council to Establish Envoy in France
Afghans, US sign deal on night raids
Jim Wolfcale, the jury foreman and a minister, said, "This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting."
The lady is selling things.
Two cows standing in a large field.
Some people are singing.
A woman seated is singing a song and playing the guitar too.
US Marines killed in base attack
There are a few things you need to consider:
China Premier Li rejects 'groundless' US hacking accusations
Remember this is your degree we are talking about, its up to you what you want to do.
A skateboarder attempts to do a trick over a homemade ramp.
Critics say the law violates civil liberties, something House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to.
Two workers are sitting next to pipes eating lunch
Detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection: U.S. judge
A black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream.
A cheetah is running behind its prey.
Man kills 4 in Calif. before police shoot him dead
A Dalmation runs along a beach.
Thistle is classified as a noxious weed in most places and must be controlled.
A couple things to consider:
vietnam's drug laws are among the world's strictest laws.
A cat is eating a slice of watermelon.
Rick Santorum wins Kansas caucuses
But police say the driver of the truck has not been found and is wanted for questioning.
Niels told an interviewer in 1999 he thought the Old Man would outlive him by many years.
Two white dogs are running together.
Gunmen kill nine in southwest Pakistan: Police
Bank of England's Paul Tucker tainted by Libor mess
The sky has very little to no clouds.
Two rams stand on snowy ground.
Parrot pushing a small shopping cart.
"Microsoft had absolutely nothing to do with AtStake's internal personnel decision," Sundwall said.
Mr. Mask said Mr. Cullen would be taken from the Somerset County Jail by Thursday and moved to the Ann Klein Forensic Hospital just outside Trenton for psychiatric care.
A man is playing the cello.
China truck accident kills 20
Someone is putting rice in a pan.
Egyptians vote on Islamist-backed constitution
A young boy stands over a bridge with a fishing pole.
Together, we will find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the 'new America' consumer."
not a constitutional issue.
The construction workers are sitting down to eat lunch.
MedImmune Vaccines, the maker of FluMist, made between 4 million and 5 million doses this year.
Playwright George Axelrod, who anticipated the sexual revolution with The Seven Year Itch and Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?
And I don't fight for marriage.
3 killed, 4 injured in Los Angeles shootings
The British Foreign Office said it had mediated the two men's release.
You are on the right path.
The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).
His "friends" say that he was confronted by his car.
A woman is water skiing.
Kidnapped UK aid worker killed in Pakistan
A woman is slicing fish.
A man and a dog on rocks on a beach.
A sheep standing in a forest.
Vermillion, Posey and Madison County populations will decline.
A man is spreading butter onto bread.
Syria regime claims evacuation of 5,000 near Damascus
A man and woman is dancing in the rain.
russian officials have called for a conference on the conventional forces in europe treaty to discuss ratification of the amended treaty.
Two dogs running in the dirt
The new analysis found that 32 of 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer in about 5 1/2 years of follow-up, including 20 women taking hormones.
Red sports car racing down track.
UN Assembly to Vote on Syria Resolution
May Day marked by protests against austerity cuts
A rule of thumb that I've heard is "for small children, big dogs".
putin warned that russia would take retaliatory actions.
Taliban attacks kill 17 civilians in Afghanistan
france is a leader in the european space agency.
the statement was posted on the kremlin web site and carried by state news agencies.
About 20 family members of the victims were invited to the news conference.
A possibility is to have a family meeting with the stated goal of working out the reward(s) for chores.
Myanmar arrests 44 over sectarian violence
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange.
A woman is washing her hands.
US, allies to set demands for Iran nuclear talks
That saw the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR slip 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.36 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.
p5+1 members are britain, china, france, russia, germany and the united states.
georgian government websites are under intense cyber attack following russian military strikes against georgia late last week.
6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan IED attack
A spokesman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was under evaluation Tuesday evening in the emergency room.
A man is shooting off guns.
A man dries his hands.
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.
A man is riding on a horse.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 7.75 points, or 0.08 percent, at 9,175.47.
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.
police stated tsai wen-huang would be extradited to taiwan.
Two arrests made after protest against Nigel Farage
Bangladesh garment factory fire 'kills 8'
A man and two boys jump on a trampoline.
Algeria mulls international force for hostages
It really depends on how the employer documents it.
I wood have asked her if she is up for a treesome.
A band is playing onstage.
Trade newspaper Variety up for sale
Two American Officers Murdered As Afghan Unrest Continues
Crimean forces storm Ukrainian navy headquarters
A woman is hitting a man.
There are several sheared sheep in a pen.
What is Russia thinking on Syria? A brief guide
House set to vote on plan to reopen government
A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble.
Respectfully submitted, Steve I have seen UFO over Warsaw in the past.
Prince George christened in London
"It is very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan," says one banker.
A man holding a cat.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC inched down 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650.
Mr. Sweeney outlined plans for the campaign in a speech last night in Philadelphia at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state has refused to consider the possibility of murder.
In my experience, fresh garlic is great for when you want texture, or to slow down the flavour infusion.
Grey and white domestic kitten lying down on a desk.
"It's a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned, making the criminal justice system work better."
US Senate approves fiscal cliff deal
The New York senator's new book, "Living History," appears a certain bestseller.
Batman and Robin fly a helicopter over water.
A child sits in a large black leather chair.
A dog is pawing at a fly in the carpet before it.
It is mostly just the Dutch.
A man is chopping a tree trunk with an axe.
A woman is cutting a leak.
"It looks very much like an isolated event," World Health Organization spokeswoman Maria Cheng said.
Religion that doesn't do that I don't have a problem with.
Waba emerges new NLC president
Castro celebrates 86th birthday Monday
Gunmen kill nine tourists in Pakistan
She was taken to Charing Cross Hospital, where she remained critically ill last night.
I don't boil eggs enough to keep a feel for the timing...
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.
The average American makes four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands.
Veteran entertainer Bob Hope celebrates his 100th birthday - and many years in showbusiness - on Thursday.
A woman is braiding her hair.
A hamster is eating some seeds.
British PM pushes Sri Lanka on war crimes
Ukraine's top court dismisses Crimea's independence as "unconstitutional"
Remarks With Prime Minister Elkeib After Their Meeting
Libya asks UN Security Council for help
A dog playing in the waves with a ball.
Influential Palestinians Seek One Democratic State
Chinese icebreaker changes course towards suspicious objects
the problem is who doesn't have money.
the extradition conditions stipulate that the tunisian can only be prosecuted for the single charge of falsifying documents that italian authorities can provide sufficient evidence to prosecute.
There were 293 human cases of West Nile in Indiana in 2002, including 11 deaths statewide.
Mandela Discharged From Hospital
A man is cutting a potato.
A boy jumping in the air on the beach.
An AeroMexico jet taxing along a runway.
The dollar fell as low as $1.1624 per euro from $1.1486 on Friday, and traded at $1.1594 at 10:15 a.m. in London.
Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition, singing "If I Could."
Man charged after MP hurt in attack
10 kurds are under investigation in france on suspicion of money-laundering for a terrorist organization known as kurdistan workers' party (pkk).
July 10 - The Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services enlists church-based youth groups in anti-drug programs.
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 8.76, or 0.1 percent, at 9,310.20, having gained 201 points Monday.
Lance Armstrong plots strategy after loss of titles
There are waterproof compacts that go to 10 meters, such as some of the Olympus Tough models.
A tiger is playing with his trainer.
A woman was listed in good condition at Memorial's HealthPark campus, he said.
She appeared in federal court Wednesday, but did not enter a plea.
A deer jumping over a fence.
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left.
Three men are on stage playing guitars.
Weatherman Fred Talbot Held Over 'Sex Abuse'
Turkish army stages tank exercises near Syria border
There are trains via Knin, which means a large detour inland (there just isn't a coastal line).
‘Nelson Mandela is recovering’
Thousands of Russians stranded abroad
A man is opening a door.
The key is you have to find something that works for you, and your goals.
Two horses standing in a pen.
Black and white cat sleeping on a brown tarp.
Philippines typhoon death toll rises above 5,000
"Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously," he added.
A boy is near some stairs.
Syria Loads Chemical Weapons into Bombs, Awaiting Assad Order
Russian court to rule in Pussy Riot trial
A train is moving.
A group of men play a college football game.
Bird with a green head and white chest perched on a tree branch.
Dick was an idea guy and a people guy, not a science guy.
France fears extremists will benefit from Egypt violence
the legislation is the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to the tightly controlled military technically known as a self-defense force.
A polar bear is sliding across the snow.
The woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing.
Rebels down Ukraine helicopters
Two boys are playing in the beach.
the brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
The flag was moving in the air.
There are a couple things you can try.
Some believe not slaughtering the unborn is most important.
Elephants spray themselves with water.
Two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride.
A black car parked in the dirt out in the country.
France urges EU to be united on Syria
Four girls happily walk down a sidewalk.
In English, certainly the most common use of do is Do-Support.
A helicopter is getting ready to take off.
A toy train is striking a toy car.
russian military officials stated the decision would depend on whether the united states proceeds with its plan to deploy missile defense components in poland and the czech republic.
Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas dissented.
russian president vladimir putin states that the decision to cease implementation of the conventional forces in europe treaty is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty.
The man is dropping sliced cucumbers into water.
Chinese stocks open mixed Wednesday
a man in an oversized shirt sits at a shop
Just about anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight.
Two of the Britons, Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty.
Two cows crossing a road intersection.
Prices for Treasury securities also rose, with the yield on the benchmark 10-year note falling to 4.19 percent.
Atomic theory is not an opinion, not a belief.
A chef is slicing a shrimp.
The cat shimmied under the bed.
Coca-Cola Co. (KO) reported higher profit for the quarter, helped by European demand, early on Thursday.
Egypt court orders release of Mubarak
Israel advances plan to build 900 settlement homes
UN Security Council to vote on up to 300 Syria monitors
His spokesman Jim Kennedy said the former president also gave more than 70 speeches in 2002 without compensation.
A dog bounds across the brown grass.
A black steam train traveling on the railroad tracks.
UN aid chief Amos enters Baba Amr with Red Crescent
NATO: 4 aid workers rescued from Afghan insurgents
An old man wearing a hat stands outside a shop door.
A black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire.
Iran dissidents 'killed in Iraq'
A man talking with two water bottles sitting in front of him.
Iranian negotiator upbeat about latest nuclear talks
Middle East: Israel: Hamas Leader Convicted
Two women are on a couch.
Senate, House on collision course on border money
That federal investigation is separate from an informal inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Birth Control Linked With Higher Glaucoma Risk
China stocks close higher after economic meeting
Obama nominates new transportation secretary
Schofield got Toepfer to admit on cross-examination that she ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
It is a question that needs to be answered.
Three dead, 63 hurt as New York buildings collapse
Peterson told police he fished alone in San Francisco Bay on Christmas Eve, returning to an empty house.
There are a few reasons that paint wrinkles.
Freeman's civil hearing may be, on the surface, about a driver's license.
Trial Date Set for Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Chief
"But they did not, as of the time of this particular tragic event, provide the security we had requested," Mr Jordan said.
A close-up view of a horse's head.
Two lambs stand on a grassy hill.
A person is descaling a fish.
Man walking bicycle to patio of a coffee shop.
The decision came after "listening to our customers and associates," Melissa Berryhill, a spokeswoman for Wal-Mart, said.
Chuck Close We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Press awash with Nigeria\'s general elections
The dogs are running in the snow.
Senior journalist killed in Pakistan
Israeli Leader Puts Off Evicting Settlers From Hebron House
A train on the train tracks.
6.3-magnitude quake hits Honshu, Japan: CENC
At CPAC, Mitt Romney Stresses Conservative Credentials
A red and white double decker bus is parked.
Firefighters battle forest fire in SW China
Egypt court orders Mubarak freed
I noticed you said "movie critics" enjoy mythological references in a film, but do audiences?
Mr Howard said he also had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.
A woman is cutting a cucumber.
A long train is on train tracks.
A woman is placing eggs into a pan.
Glorious triple-gold night for Britain
A tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow.
A man carries a women.
Barclays hit by fresh US probe
Bodies Found at Russian Jet Crash in Indonesia
North Korean intrigue: The execution of power
A person peels shrimp.
A man and a girl are watching cartoons at home
A cat is sliding upside down under a couch.
western countries' failure to sufficiently compensate libya will deter iran and north korea from disarming.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 15 points, or 0.98 percent, to 1,492.
A woman is putting on eyeshadow.
Man standing in front of yellow corvette.
A guy and two girls are smiling at the camera.
HRW: Jordan biased against Palestinians from Syria
A girl is playing a piano.
Afghan District Governor Defects To Taliban
a brown and white dog is running on the grass.
The incremental step, reported by researchers at UC San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort to infect mice with the virus.
Three bicyclists crossing a bridge in a city.
A slow loris bites a persons fingers.
Whitey Bulger gets life for racketeering, killings
The two officers are driving
You have answered your own question.
US drone strike kills four in North Waziristan
Italian fugitive arrested in Dominican Republic
An infant sitting on a cot reaching over to touch the face of an older boy.
A woman is frying something in the pan.
a woman playing with two young boys at a park
That's what I believe.
A trick I did was to grab and hold my cats close if they disturbed me during the night.
Yes, you should talk to your professor.
The problem is simple.
Elderly woman sitting on red patterned couch with her arm around younger woman.
the attacks occurred after a dispute between the governments of russia and estonia over the relocation of a soviet war memorial.
Gunmen Kill Eight In Second Kenya Attack
The jockey is wearing purple and riding a brown horse.
China court sentences Bo Xilai to life imprisonment for corruption
Nope that will not work.
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.
Ukraine‚Äôs pro-Russia protesters demand greater autonomy
Top Asian News 8:39 a.m. GMT
Suicide bomber kills at least 4 in Kabul
Several cows grazing on the median by the road.
A black hooded man is using a large magnifying glass to look at a booklet.
The biggest reason I can think of is that you're taking away a defence mechanism for the cat.
A man is sledding on an orange slide.
Two children lying in the snow making snow angels
And I'm your friend Mitt.
But for the elderly and those with weakened immune systems, it can be fatal.
China FM hosts senior ASEAN officials
A television and a laptop computer are on in a hotel room.
Almagor blasts Netanyahu over prisoner release
GOP candidate Romney to call to arm Syrian rebels
Stars are rotating, but that's not the cause for their stability.
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC panel held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell.
Kenya SC upholds election result
Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.
Old TV alignments crack at the edges
France pledges military aid in Mali
Transcript Reveals Confusion Over Ferry Evacuation
A boy jumping down a wet inflatable slide.
"It's a huge black eye," said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr., whose family has controlled the paper since 1896.
Talabani told him Iraqi leaders would "need U.N. assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken" on organising an interim Iraqi government by June.
A boy is upset playing video games.
India, US to hold talks on China next week
Several men running down a grass field wearing numbers on the front of their shirts.
Two boys on a couch are playing video games.
"We think PeopleSoft customers deserve the right to choose," Ellison said.
Five alternate jurors also were selected, with a sixth alternate to be picked on Friday.
The Royals chose Chris Lubanski, a high school outfielder from Pennsylvania who hit .528, with the fifth pick.
Maybe this can work for you.
A reading above 50 suggests growth in the sector, while a number below that level indicates contraction.
Shelley's office released signature counts late Friday and said counties had reported counting 575,926 signatures so far.
Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.
On Saturday, the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
Two vehicles are going towards the camera.
A tiger trys to climb the wall.
Does he have supporters?
1 suspect arrested after Lebanon car bombings kill 45
A dog is walking along a pool.
cambodia and vietnam finalized an agreement to stop asian and european drug traffickers.
A women in glasses stands next to a cow in a field.
The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> firmed 24/32, taking its yield to 4.18 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.
Critical Gates memoir rocks Obama administration
A man is standing in front of a raised statue,.
A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms.
It depends on what you want to have in your tank.
Colombia too slick for Greece
I'm not sure what you mean by cognitive capacity, but I absolutely believe that language shapes the way we think.
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel and demanding U.S. forces leave Iraq.
I've assumed this as well in my argument.
The men are playing soccer.
The small dog protects its owner.
the global community must cooperate to end illicit trade of small arms and light weapons.
There are individuals who possess extraordinary memory ability, sometimes called eidetic memory.
Here's a technique  I've developed without being aware of it: Multiple Browsers.
A woman is wearing headphones.
Nazi Gestapo chief 'buried in Jewish cemetery'
Beaten Florida teen released in Israel
A group of girls are exiting a taxi.
the ministers from china, laos, india, myanmar and thailand will also address crop substitution initiatives for impoverished ethnic minorities who still rely on opium cultivation.
A grey house with a red door.
The cat teased the dog by touching his head.
A moped in front of steps of ruins.
Second one  (for writing purpose), if I believe the "THEY/THEIR (SINGULAR)" article.
Car Bomb Wounds 15 in Hezbollah Stronghold in Lebanon
Rapturous welcome for Aung San Suu Kyi's historic trip
Joining him in the majority opinion were Justices Sandra Day O'Connor, David H. Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer.
If what you are looking for is much higher, they get the picture.
A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal.
Thousands gather in Moscow for rival rallies
Classical Gas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Suspected Boko Haram suicide bombers in Nigeria kill 24
the opposition japanese communist party was against the new law and feared it would lead to a stronger military.
The lady broke raw eggs into a bowl.
The woman is shooting a rifle.
Two killed in new Israeli strike on Gaza: medics
A young man is talking to a leaf.
Dittemore announced his plans to resign on April 23.
The company claims it's the largest single Apple VAR Xserve sale to date.
A monkey is riding a bike.
Red double decker bus driving through the streets.
kim myong-chol stated that north korea would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as new york and washington dc.
It's also a matter of taste.
The girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and Rollerblades.
A line of motor bikes are parked in the middle of a street.
A school bus driving down a road with green trees and grass in the background.
Part of pro-life is the opposition to legalized abortion.
Police launched an international hunt for Shevaun Pennington after she ran away with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker Saturday.
Jordan Opens First Tent Camp for Syrian Refugees
a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass
A woman with a white horse.
The security official's backup couldn't fill in because he was on active military duty, Strutt said.
A group of people are standing by a window watching something.
Extension likely for Iran nuclear talks
A boy is making some dance steps.
Suicide bomber kills 16 in Russia’s Volgograd
"Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush."
US drone strike kills eight in Waziristan
US pledge to rebuild Haiti not being met
A monkey is riding a bus.
Three ice skaters round a corner.
A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.
The two kids look at the products sold inside the subway shop.
Egypt presidential election results delayed
Many dead as asylum boat sinks off Australia
Libyan government retakes Tripoli airport
Remains of 167 bodies found in Mexican cave
A boy is looking at a calendar.
A smiling man holds a small child wearing pink and red.
Two women stand in a living room with a black dog.
Israeli, Palestinian negotiators quietly meet
The point is an unarmed child was murdered who was black.
A kangaroo is eating.
A man is slicing a plastic container with a sword.
Analysts' consensus estimate from Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.08 a share, excluding one-time items.
Algerian priest to lecture about Christian heritage in N. Africa
The stock rose 48 cents to $30 yesterday in Nasdaq Stock Market trading.
A woman is chopping an onion.
Three dogs are running on the grass.
Swiss vote on highest minimum wage
The little girl rode a horse.
A man riding a unicycle down a paved road
Two dogs are running on the grass in front of the trees.
The difficulty arises not from the various linguistic properties of the language pair as many here suggest.
Home office space with bright green walls and artwork.
The cougar is chasing the bear.
The plane is getting ready to take off.
Nigella Lawson 'took cocaine every day for a decade'
Morsi backers defiant in face of Egypt govt threat
UN observers find traces of Syrian massacre
Iran's Ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance with aide
A man is speaking to an audience.
Pictures of the day: 7 August 2013
It's up to you what you want to do next.
Obama puts Syria strike on hold
A girl is dragged downhill by a dog.
Sunderland 2-2 Bolton: Davies double gets Trotters a point but they stay in bottom three
US ups pressure on Israel as UN demands Gaza truce
Rescuers race to find 20 still trapped in India building collapse
Russian Federal Law is actually quite specific on this one and not as arbitrary as argued.
What the Papers Say, Dec. 30, 2013
A women and a young girl walking pushchairs along the sidewalk.
There is a boy and a girl.
Along with chipmaker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp., Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp.
sistan-baluchestan borders afghanistan and pakistan.
Pataki said if power was restored, state workers would be back on the job Friday morning.
We are meant to explore.
A skateboarder does tricks on a half-pipe.
A plane flying at a distance.
A man is doing a card trick.
Still, Pinellas rabies cases fell sharply to 17 in 1996 and 3 in 1997, Agnew said.
A group of people in a living room.
In 1999, two years before his death, Mr. Nielsen told an interviewer that he thought the rock face would outlive him by many years.
No agreement at Iran nuclear talks
They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.
The S&P 500 had climbed 16 percent since its March low and yesterday closed at its highest since Dec. 2.
Swartz, indicted in February, had argued that New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
A woman in a plaid outfit is looking through a bag of produce.
Cambodia opposition leaders summoned to court
Relatives scuffle with police after China fire kills 120
the report urged belgium to begin immediate talks with india in order to prevent future weapons sale to myanmar.
Gemstar shares moved higher on the news, closing up 2.6 percent at $5.49 on Nasdaq.
A child is playing with two white and black geese.
Putin sworn in as Russian president
A man is kissing a woman in stage.
Diana was at her lowest ebb when she wrote the letter to Paul Burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her.
I concur with @T.E.D; the question is a "no True Scotsman" bar bet.
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.
A tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing.
Spokesmen for the FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on El Shukrijumah's stay in Canada.
Four more people arrested over Australia's largest illegal tobacco importation syndicate
Once converted, BayStar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of SCO common stock or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
Two eagles sitting on a long branch.
A brown dog chases a Frisbee
Shares of Redwood Shores-based Oracle rose 14 cents to $13.62.
But in the first 30 seconds of the bout, family members knew it was an uneven match, Jodie Meyers, Stacy Young's sister, said.
Put a Little Love in your Heart We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Not all negative claims can be validly reformulated into positive claims.
A girl is mowing the grass with a lawn mower.
sheep standing in afield.
Two men are standing in a room.
As Eugene suggests, try to figure out what you want to achieve.
World stocks rise on hopes Fed to keep stimulus
Spectators taking pictures of a rally car.
The city had requested federal funds, but withdrew that request when American Express pledged at least $3 million.
"PNC regrets its involvement" in the deals, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Rohr said in a statement.
One child pulls another, sitting in a red wagon, along the sand.
The man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing.
I think you need to reread what I wrote.
Protests continue in tense Ukraine capital
Three children playing on a floor with toys.
Man sets himself on fire at Washington's National Mall
Chinese lunar rover lands on moon
A man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks.
A kitten is playing with a toy.
2 rockets hit Eshkol; none injured
In the second quarter last year, AK Steel reported a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents a share.
Three dogs playing in the snow while one dog wears a jacket.
Two women walk down the sidewalk to the store.
Mandela leaves hospital after 10 days
Someone standing on a snowy mountain, watching a plane.
A man is wearing a uniform.
Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.
The government wanted to revive talks with the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) to discuss the interim structure.
US Senate to meet as path out of fiscal impasse still elusive
A man is stabbing a target.
A dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition.
American flag is waving.
G20 Summit ends divided over Syria
Two male children cleaning up leaves in a parking lot.
A large turtle crawls in the grass.
a woman has a child.
france provides the rockets, guns and engines.
A woman walks her dog onto astro turf.
McDonald's shares rose $1.83 to close Friday at $23.89 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Ukraine's Korobka gets four-year doping ban
morals do not exist, so technically nothing can be morally wrong.
Two dogs are playing around in the dirt.
Hamas senior denies Gaza, PA coordinated on peace talks
A man eating an apple, sitting in public.
A brown dog is jumping.
Martin served two thirds of a five-year sentence for the manslaughter of Barras and for wounding Fearon.
Double decker passenger bus driving with traffic.
President for early conclusion of Eco Partnership with Sri Lanka
A man is cutting up a cucumber.
Thousands more Syrian refugees flee to Turkey overnight
A man is shooting a gun.
i don't want a president who is charasmatic.
Kerry call on Congress to end shutdown
Nigeria: University Bombed in North
This is a black and white picture of a short squat Coca-cola bottle.
Two dead, 181 hurt in San Francisco air crash
the new law attempts to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to help innovation in japans's space industry.
Polar bear study may boost fight against obesity
"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," said Robert Fraley, Monsanto's executive vice president.
Israel ex-spy warns against 'messianic' Iran war
The man is slicing a potato.
A year ago the firm posted a profit of 26 million pounds.
A woman is swinging her arms.
A cat is playing on the floor.
A man sings and plays the guitar.
Unfortunately, this question cannot be answered in its full generality.
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said he was pleased by the results.
A man and woman dance.
The woman is slicing fish cake.
French unemployment rate rises to 10 percent
A dog is opening a fridge.
Ronaldo hat-trick fires Portugal to World Cup
Bianca Ojukwu becomes APGA national leader
Chavez set for more radiotherapy in Cuba
A man is spitting.
A number below 50 suggests contraction in the manufacturing sector, while a number above that indicates expansion.
Colorado wildfire may be biggest property destroyer in state history
Demolition work begins on Don Valley Stadium
Bush turned out a statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and said, "Our journey into space will go on."
The health department spokesperson added the department is following Centers for Disease Control protocol.
A dog runs through the grass.
A woman is slicing tomato.
A black and white cow stands on grass against a partly cloudy blue sky.
In a statement distributed Friday, 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote.
Mexican singer Jenni Rivera believed killed in plane crash
I don't think there is an answer for this.
Shares of Mandalay closed down 8 cents at $29.42 Thursday.
A man running on a track.
US Cannot 'Conclusively Determine' Chemical Weapons Use in Syria
A man is riding a horse and jumping over obstacles.
Statistics from the Kansas Department of Health and Environment show that 11,844 abortions were performed in the state last year.
A man is cutting up a potato.
A woman is attempting to ride a small wave.
A man holding a dog.
Thai protests escalate amid violence
Toll last week offered to buy the company for NZ75c a share, or $NZ158 million.
Syrian PM survives bomb attack in capital
Two girls holding sacks are standing in a field.
Inclusion is the act of including and exclusion is the act of excluding.
You have a problem.
Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue.
A young boy is riding a bike.
Mandela released from hospital
You will have to start with the clinic., and maybe move on to the insurance company.
You shouldn't feel any obligation at all.
Israeli gunboats fire at Palestinian fishermen
Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.
Torres moving on after Olympic bid fails
Yahoo to Buy Tumblr for $1.1 Billion
I'm not sure how "Not at all" sounds in response to "thank you".
A person is diving into clear blue water.
A green car parked at a saloon.
I think there are two important things to consider:
A man is throwing blades into a close target outside.
India’s Modi promises tough stance against Pakistan
European Ministers Are Poised to Approve Greek Rescue
Hickenlooper clobbered city Auditor Don Mares, 46, in the Tuesday runoff.
Indonesia anti-terror squad kills two suspected militants
They are preparing for a performance at school.
Driver in Spanish train crash faces questions from judge
A double-decker bus driving in front of a ferris wheel.
south korea launches new bullet train reaching 300 kph.
A person is cutting a capsicum into pieces.
Shots, Explosions Heard as Thais Continue Protest in Bangkok
A man is swinging in a rope.
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. Annika Sorenstam drew the crowds, Michelle Wie got the publicity but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
"Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, and tomorrow will come soon."
There is a older man near a window.
Over 2,000 migrants rescued from wooden boats in Mediterranean
A little boy plays with a toy phone.
A man is traveling in a boat.
Three sheep on a dirt road shot from a car.
Hong Kong stocks close down 0.28%
Dozens feared trapped in India building collapse
U.S factory orders down 0.7 pct in January
The Infestation posts.
A slow loris is eating.
I've found with my baby that it's more accurate to go by his behavior than by "rules".
amnesty international's report was compiled by european and international non-governmental organizations such as saferworld, which opposes armed violence.
Senior CPC official meets top DPRK leader's special envoy
You have to know what you want to do.
Jordan elected to UN security council seat that Saudi Arabia rejected
Two people are walking through some water.
Google launches internet-beaming balloons
The black and white dog is running on the grass.
A former partner of accountancy firm Ernst & Young was yesterday arrested by FBI agents in the US on charges of obstructing federal investigations.
GL, Terral That is absolutely amazing.
A doctor rushes a patient on a stretcher.
British Airways plans to retire its seven Concordes at the end of October.
but okay, ultimate sovereignty?
A dog is eating a doll.
Red Cross negotiating Syria ceasefire to bring aid
Its going to depend on the type of packaging and also the freezer.
No, there is no specific criteria for giving the man of the match award.
Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
A large cruise ship in harbor with trees behind.
There is nothing wrong with the phrase "simple sample service".
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.
A woman cuts up some vegetables.
A herd of deer are crossing the street.
EU Set for New Sanctions on Iran
Syria rebels attack Lebanese post near border: army
Yes a team can use the same player for both bowling and batting in a super over.
I'm going to be very direct here.
At least 100 dead as typhoon batters Philippines
The helicopter was owned by Las Vegas-based Sundance Helicopters Inc., according to the sheriff's office.
Other businesses are volunteering to put the alerts on their electronic signs and billboards.
And to be fair, do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?
Germany Likely to Press Russia on Syrian Crisis
I don't think what she's saying is that controversial.
Large silver locomotive engine in a shed.
Iran says UN nuclear talks will continue
Now she has her first trophy after victory in the US Women's Amateur Public Links here on Sunday.
The Japanese population is nearly  million.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers slightly more than 3 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
5.9-magnitude quake hits Sunda Strait, Indonesia: USGS
Large group of people standing outside of a building.
Red double decker bus on side of street.
Palestinian prisoner ending hunger strike after deal
A puppy is repeatedly rolling from side to side while on its back.
Nigeria admits slow response in Ebola case
china has always opposed the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.
A black dog standing in a room being constructed.
Little black and white calf with a tag on its ear.
indian troops already fighting rebels in kashmir are now engaged in a massive campaign to destroy poppy crops in the region.
A man is seasoning some carrots.
Five People Charged With Terror Offences
A man  is driving a car.
British Girl And Grandad Drown In Portugal
Massive Hurricane Sandy bears down on U.S. East Coast
Originally Posted by Lone Fox You've said that multiple times now.
Tell me exactly which system isn't working right now?
Syrian prime minister 'survives assassination attempt'
Ukraine leader pledges crisis talks
A small white dog running
They asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of the autopsy report on Peterson's unborn son that were favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
We all believe that we are getting what we expect.
Women models are walking down a catwalk.
A new study, conducted in Europe, found the medicine worked just as well as an earlier disputed study, sponsored by ImClone Systems, said it did.
switzerland's trade and diplomatic relations with iran have been criticized in recent months after foreign minister micheline calmy-rey traveled to tehran in march 2008 to sign a deal with iran's state gas firm.
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Oct 4
Women first appeared in the modern Olympics in Croquet at the 1900 Olympics.
Umm the California was a cargo ship I dont care what the article says.
Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress'' in the case.
A close-up of a gray cat with green eyes.
A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee.
Poland honors president killed in 2010 plane crash
Obama to meet Batman gun victims
Sprinters Tyson Gay and Asafa Powell test positive for banned substance
myanmar is the world's largest producer of illicit opium according to the latest u.s. state department anti-narcotics report.
A black and white cat playing with a wool basket.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC fell 23.54 points, or 1.42 percent, to 1,630.08.
China launches first air-to-air missile from chopper
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Set for Mass March
Picture of the Day
Double decker bus with the London Eye ferris wheel in background.
Pilot killed as US jet crashes in England
Google's investors include prominent VC firms Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital, the paper noted.
A small dog looking up at the camera while standing on grass.
No tumors were detected; rather, empty cavities and scar tissue were found in their place.
As was mentioned, the problem with cheese is the potential for Listeria.
India gang-rape victim "struggling against the odds"
'Friends of Syria' in Doha talks on arming rebels
It is a national concern that will touch virtually every American," Abraham said.
EU imposes new sanctions on Syrian regime
We both thought the movie was good and we didn't find it confusing in any way.
It doesn't matter unless it is really far off.
No. Jury nullification does not mean that a law is unconstuitutional.
Halliburton 1Q income rises 23 pct
Some villages had histories and thus names going back to Ancient Roman times.
A man cut a tree with an axe.
Shares of McDonald's and Wendy's continued their recent recovery Monday, rising more than 1 percent on the New York Stock Exchange in afternoon trade.
A gorilla plays the drums.
Rogers, Videotron extend reach with network-sharing deal
"This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here."
Adding soap to water allows the water to dissolve oils.
According to SunnComm's Peter Jacobs, "MediaMax performs exactly as 'advertised' to the companies who purchased it.
Full Episode: Nightline 6/29: Katie Holmes, Tom Cruise to Divorce
A woman and child push strollers down the sidewalk.
A boy is doing push ups.
Cheap cancer drugs no cure for India's poorest
Stomach bug to cause ailing Nadal to miss Australian Open
The tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth.
Italian pilgrims die in bus plunge
A man and a woman are kissing each other.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note yield <US10YT=RR> dipped below 4.20 percent on Tuesday.
A seventh person, a 21-year-old woman, was in critical condition in the burn unit at Akron Children's Hospital.
A man is playing a key-board.
korobeynichev's laboratory worked with the u.s. lawrence livermore national laboratory.
Most times, % of the time, we are getting what we expect.
Our intrepid heroes also didn't pursue the child who was in the spacesuit.
Earthquake of 6 magnitude strikes Thailand
Hovan did not speak, but his lawyer, John Speranza, said his client "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone.
All of these effects are related to the 11 year solar cycle.
A small turboprop plane being loaded on the tarmac.
A man is turning foods.
A train is at a train station.
Two dogs in a yard.
Why are they looking at each other like that ?!?!
Hamas mixed sex schools ban takes effect
A young man is singing while playing the guitar.
A woman is eating fish at a restaurant.
Part of the accord was the implementation of a special health council that would monitor health spending and progress in reforming the health system.
Ukraine Leader Pledges Crisis Talks
Tokyo shares open higher on buoyant U.S. market
India building collapse kills 14; dozens trapped
but in the news broadcasts i have seen they did call him white.
Philippines saves 100 after ferry sinks
Originally Posted by IZZY!
Annan urges end to Syrian violence
The bodies of former Invercargill man Warren Campbell, 32, and climbing companion Jonathan Smith, 47, were recovered from below Mt D'Archiac late yesterday morning.
A boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat.
A boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch.
A orange and white cat asleep on a leather chair.
An elderly man is speaking at a podium.
India Ink: Image of the Day: July 2
A laptop computer and a computer monitor.
China's CPI growth slows to 1.8 pct in July
Syrian troops push into strategic rebelheld town
U.S. Supreme Court issues split ruling on Arizona immigration law
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old nuclear crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing is slated to visit South Korea from August 13 to 15.
I don't think there is any universal term.
A man is on a roof dancing.
Your worry is a valid one; the reader could be frustrated by this.
A man is buttering a piece of bread.
Person dressed in blue riding brown horse.
Obama to refocus on economy in State of the Union
"This is an extremely heartrending time for the entire Brandeis University community.
Remarks by the President at the White House Science Fair
Libyans begin handing in weapons
But the bureau never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi—despite receiving prior information he was a secret Saudi agent, the report says.
If convicted, each faces up to five years in prison and a fine of $250,000 or more based on the amount of gains involved.
Allegiant's stock closed Wednesday at $23.40, up 64 cents, in trading on the Nasdaq market.
9/11 defendants ignore judge at Guantanamo hearing
A person jumping a motorbike in the air.
2 dead in shooting outside Empire State Building
A female applies something to he hair with her hands.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points, or 0 percent, at 971.52.
Insight: U.N. chief finds his voice, but remains cautious on China
Some of the guys at my office have potted aloe plants.
Islamists attack north Mali city after suicide bombings
Iraqi president in hospital after suffering stroke
A hamster is singing.
Drafting has changed dramatically with the new collective bargaining agreement.
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures for June were down 2.60 points at 965.70, while Nasdaq futures were down 7.50 points at 1,183.50.
A woman and man are dancing in the rain.
The cat fished a straw out ouf his water dish.
The newly unsealed 32-count indictment alleges money laundering and conspiracy and "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug-trafficking world," Jiménez said.
A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool.
Each boy weighed less than 50 pounds when they were removed from the home Oct. 10.
A small girl sits on a stone ledge near a white flowering plant.
He was listed last night in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center, police said.
You don't know if those factors account for the warming, or not.
Outside the court, Sriyanto denied to The Age that he had done anything wrong.
A girl is coming up on a car.
A woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave.
A medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area.
The new system costs between $1.1 million and $22 million, depending on configuration.
A woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette
A man is busting concrete.
It is meant to stimulate root growth - in particular to stimulate the creation of roots.
So which system isn't working for us?
First of all, as a general matter of fact you suppose to change your workout routine in every 3-4 weeks.
None of the casualties was Americans, said Capt. Michael Calvert, regiment spokesman.
Stocks close 0.39% higher
India voters kick off world‚Äôs biggest election
UN orders global sanctions against Haqqani network
man on steps
It later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow.
A man is doing push-ups.
UN observers reach Syria massacre village
Two boys sit facing one another at a table and one points at the other.
He proposed a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster.
Hundreds fall sick in Bangladesh factory
Syria tells Russia some troops have pulled out of Homs
School bomb attack kills two in southern Thailand
Romney chooses Ryan as GOP running mate
Scientists believed Stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust.
Certainly many usage guides have advised against use of this "singular they" on various "logical" grounds.
A woman peels garlic with her hands.
Israel attacks in Gaza Strip after rocket fire
Saudi Arabia arrests suspected militants, state media reports
An old train sits idle on the tracks.
2 Traffic Accidents Leave 47 Dead in China
The man is playing the violin.
NATO protesters acquitted of terrorism charges
A man is folding paper.
In November, Jeffrey Brabakow, the chief executive at the time, said the company used aggressive pricing to get higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.
Two men pushed carts through the woods.
The red bus is on the street.
Lara plans visit to Nepal
A ballet dancer is performing on stage.
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter, and it ended the quarter with $2.2 billion in cash.
A man with sunglasses looking straight ahead.
Four seriously injured in M23 motorway crash
Ryanair in new bid for Aer Lingus
Polls open across France in presidential election
A black and white cow standing in a grassy field.
I have the pregnancy ticker.
A man is playing the trumpet.
A man breaks cinder blocks on another man.
Bolivia's army fought to stop a column of dynamite-wielding miners from streaming into the besieged capital on Wednesday, leaving two dead as a popular uprising against the President spread.
A girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline.
Nelson Mandela's health 'unstable'
A man holds a small animal in one hand.
A pot of liquid is at the center of a tinfoil covered plate.
The helicopter burst into flames upon impact, according to the Mohave County Sheriff's Office.
A man sitting cross legged on the grass, with a tree in the background.
Air Canada, the largest airline in Canada and No. 11 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
Markets Live: Waiting for China data
there is conflicting opinion as to the extent of damage suffered by the insurgency.
Australian PM Kevin Rudd calls election for 7 September
In the weeks leading up to the execution, several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.
A young man is singing and playing the piano.
A young boy is standing on a gray tiled area.
World Cup hit by new stadium death
India‚Äôs march to Mars
Imran Khan to contest elections from four NA seats
Pakistan-UN report reveals alarming levels of drug use
A woman is cutting shrimps.
You're "a bunch of cells."
Instead, prosecutors dismissed charges and Rucker left the courtroom a free man.
Obama To Meet Embattled Veterans Secretary
The upgrade will be available as a free download for current customers with SmarNet support in January 2004.
A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake.
A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head.
Ships Train for Syrian Chemical Weapons Transport
Hollywood and the world are gearing up to celebrate legendary entertainer Bob Hope's 100th birthday on Thursday.
Syrian PM defects to Jordan
This is what they recommend at Oxford as introductory textbooks to students starting a Masters' in Linguistics.
Roadside bomb 'kills eight Afghan soldiers'
The committee would propose a replacement for the "Robin Hood" school finance system.
A gray cat laying on a brown table.
Edwards found not guilty on one count; mistrial on others
A young girl doing a back flip in the water.
@Cyracuz, What you want to call it is up to you.
Two boys are driving.
A bicycle in a dining room.
A man is sprinkling seasoning on several split and buttered loaves of bread.
More than 10,000 people, most of them civilians, have been killed in three decades of insurgency.
District Attorney Dave Lupas reminded jurors that Stubbs is, "a cold, calculating killer".
A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room.
If the answer to any of these questions is yes, a PhD may be worthwhile for you.
A dog is jumping in the snow.
Two birds interacting in the grass
Then your confusion doesn't make me a liar either.
Asian markets lifted by positive US, China data
A horse standing near a gate with another horse in the background.
A close-up of a lamb with its ear tagged, standing on grass.
Brown and black dogs on snow, showing teeth and barking at each other.
The black and white cows pause in front of the gate.
Here are many samples: Pbase.com Out of the 16k photos there, I'm sure some are with a d700.
One thing that should be used as a seasoning in Odyssey tales is the idea of the false destination.
In a 6-3 ruling, the justices said such anti-psychotic drugs can be used only in "limited circumstances."
Astronomers have clocked eight more moons orbiting Jupiter, bringing its known total to 60.
A rat is running.
The fines are part of failed Republican efforts to force or entice the Democrats to return.
"But at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive," he said.
7 soldiers killed, 56 injured in PKK attack in eastern Turkey
Allegiant shares rose $4, or $17.2 percent, to $27.43 in Thursday morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Tom Kasmer, a 14-year-old from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during yesterday's competition.
Van-Vliet, who was also injured, called in the accident on the school bus radio.
Australian PM Rudd calls Sept. 7 poll
Saudi Arabia to grant Lebanese army $3 billion
Men and women are dancing slowly.
A woman is kneading dough.
Two dogs on the beach.
the opposition japanese communist party was against the bill proposing the new law.
Tsunami warning issued for southern Alaska
Blizzard hammers U.S. Northeast, five dead, 700,000 lose power
A white Swiss airplane approaches the runway.
Two animals grazing next to a mountain, and a body of water.
Tokyo stocks open down 0.24%
Syrian ceasefire brings uneasy calm
A black cow and a brown cow standing in front of a small copse of trees in a field.
A boy is riding a horse.
Bishop O'Brien, aged 67, had told police he thought he had hit a dog or cat.
It means its AN option.
UN monitors shot at on way to Syrian massacre site
The Note's Must-Reads for Friday, August 23, 2013
License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million.
Pick them as soon as they are as ripe as you want them.
Merkel to attend World Cup final
The women are preparing dinner in their kitchen.
The cat is sitting on a bag of cat food.
I have been in a simular situation with my daughter and a female friend when they were 5 and 4.
Government promises action on Heathrow queues
The white airplane is flying in the blue sky.
Most French support military operation in Mali
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of a handful of companies that still make the flu vaccine.
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with three sham marriages, is also charged with perjury and filing a false instrument.
the indian government has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items, materials, goods and technology that could contribute to iran's enrichment-related, reprocessing or heavy water-related activities.
Syria peace dashed as deadline passes
A black dog standing in a field.
Obama signs law aimed at barring Iran UN envoy
WA man arrested in police drug raid
Sweeney was to outline plans for the campaign in a speech on Saturday night at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
A group of swimmers fall into a pool.
A man and a dog are playing tug of war.
A cruise ship is in front of a docking area.
Islamic militants kill 9 foreign tourists, 1 Pakistani
Mandela hospitalized, responding to treatment
I  believe one cannot taste the difference between minced(canned) and fresh garlic once it is cooked.
A steam engine comes down a train track near trees.
A man is playing a trumpet.
I always go by the rule "When in doubt, throw it out!
A baby is being fed peas.
a number of suspected islamic militants with alleged al-qaida links have been arrested in malaysia and singapore, and officials stated the militants' network extends into indonesia.
NM County Prepares for Same-Sex Marriages Hearing
I think we made the right case and did the right thing."
EDS reported a first-quarter loss of $126 million, or 26 cents per share.
A young man on a beach is performing skateboard stunts.
EU Moves Closer to New Iran Sanctions
A subway train pulling into the station.
Aid workers freed in Afghanistan raid
For the entire season, the average five-day forecast track error was 259 miles, Franklin said.
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Dec 14
Singapore shares open 0.31% higher on Monday
Black cow walking under trees in pasture.
Bush, however, also lashed out at the terrorist bombings in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people -- including a number of Americans.
Two men on boat floating on the water.
A tan dog is walking through snow.
bam is a city in southeastern
existing rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months.
Israel to free Palestinian hunger striker
A bunch of people standing next to a car with it's trunk open.
A young girl standing in front of a fountain
A child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf.
Wave of attacks kills at least 95 in Iraq
A puppy is playing with a tennis ball.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.
Bombs in southern Thailand kill 5, wound 50
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted.
US tourist gang-raped in northern India: Police
This is unacceptable," said Patrick Pelloux, the president of France's Association of Emergency Doctors.
Black domestic cat lying on brown table.
Dozens injured as Boeing 777 jet crash lands at San Francisco airport
Three children stand on or near a fence.
Crohn's disease causes inflammation of the intestine and symptoms include diarrhea, pain, weight loss and tiredness.
"We're in the Stanley Cup finals, and it was a little bit embarrassing the way we played in the first two games.
Kerry vows progress after latest intensive Mideast trip
A man in jeans is playing with a ball while a woman in jeans stands nearby looking away.
A dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress.
Obama hails Mandela's inspiration effect
Jane Doe, deciding to fight the subpoena, asked Verizon to withhold her name.
Tech Sector Heats Up: Google and IBM Post Strong Earnings
Suicide bomb kills 4, injures 13 in Pakistan
Two men stop to talk near a sign outside.
17 killed, 133 wounded in bomb attacks in northern Iraq
Obama coming 'to listen' to Israel, Palestinians
Pistorius officer dropped from case
Bremer, 61, is a onetime assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger and was ambassador-at-large for counterterrorism from 1986 to 1989.
Doctors have speculated that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
S Korea bus station fire kills seven
Three men are sitting down at a table that has drinks on it.
% How much money does PP take in for abortion services?
PRESIDENT Yoweri Museveni has promoted Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima to Major General and named him Army Commander.
A woman is cutting onion.
A person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd
Buoyed by some of the advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 for a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.
The family is playing a game together.
Israeli Minister Slams Kerry's Boycott Warning
A man is doing a stunt on his bicycle.
Passengers dead in Italy bus plunge
Protesters Clash with Police in Brazil
N. Korea fires short-range missiles
YES filed suit yesterday in the Supreme Court of New York County in Manhattan.
The short answer is: we are made from the "stuff" contributed by many stars.
Record-setting Southwest heat wave turns fatal
Syrian opposition leader criticizes U.S.
A man is talking with other women on the beach.
Someone is pouring milk into a blender.
A little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground.
Ms. Cripps-Prawak left last Friday, two days after the department introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors' offices.
The lady stirred up raw eggs in the bowl.
A man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water.
Try switching to rats; weanling rats if you need something smaller.
the dans stated the gang engaged in illegal activities including racketeering, blackmail, arms smuggling, cigarette smuggling and money laundering.
Or the  year old boy shot dead with automatic weapons by marijuana dealers.
Man sets self afire outside Breivik trial
I traveled around Maharashtra (including Mumbai) and Andhra Pradesh and I had no problem getting by with just English.
Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.
Copper can be useful for certain tasks due to the its metallic properties (heats quickly, distributes heat evenly, etc.
Berri says ready to help launch national unity government
I would definitely go for a slightly slower first half.
lol Looking forward to seeing your built-in's!
Products featuring Vanderpool will be released within five years, he said.
A passenger train with a yellow engine.
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three aspects of policing by Commissioner William Morrell.
Police surround protesters in Belfast ahead of G8
After Hedges' microphone was unplugged for a second time, Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
Standing with reporters and photographers about 150 yards from the prison gates was Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
A man is playing a keyboard piano.
The New York Stock Exchange suspended trading yesterday in Loral, which closed at $3.01 Friday.
Costa Concordia survivors detail experience one year later
Chinese general's son gets 10 years jail for rape
The two boys are playing kick ball back and forth to each other.
A train is running down the track in a rural area.
The answer to your question is: It depends on how the writer works.
Protests and appeals for calm after Zimmerman acquitted of Trayvon Martin murder
A woman is cutting a tomatoe.
My niece is married to a black man.
Revenue was up a tad, from $610.6 million to $616.5 million.
A person does tricks on a bike on a ramp surrounded by trees.
mexico wishes to guarantee citizens' safety.
NYPD's twitter campaign backfires
North Korea shoots 2 rockets
A man stands in a crowd holding a white object.
Marc Garber, Whitley's attorney, had a different view.
I don't think Paul has a shot.
I understand that the first 3 days are the most important, so much so it is vital you do it then.
FRIENDS of Robert De Niro yesterday rallied around him after he was diagnosed with prostate cancer.
A man removing a tennis net.
the men are about to score in a water polo tournament
Bangladesh factory owners arrested as death toll nears 350
The Hulk trailed last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, X2: X-Men United, which grossed $85.6-million in its opening weekend.
Iran, world powers agree nuclear deal
A black and white dog looking at the camera.
The bird is taking a bath under the faucet.
Pistorius officer on attempted murder charges
US Congress may throw wrench into Iran nuclear deal
A cat is watching a TV.
A divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that Congress can force the nation's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters.
A young man jumps from one balcony to another.
Syrian rebels retreat from besieged Homs district
Gold's bounce pulled other precious metals higher, sending silver to $4.83/85 an ounce from $4.80/82 last quoted in New York.
Little white lamb with nose to wood.
Schwarzenegger picks up more independents and crossover voters than Bustamante.
The Latest on Severe Weather: 1 Dead in Texas After Tornado
Yes, it's legal to grow.
Libya closes borders, declares martial law in south
Sudan blames Israel for Khartoum arms fire
Ukraine Claims Rebels Flushed from Main Stronghold
Mr Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup.
38 IS militants killed in clashes, air strikes in Iraq
Man in white shirt flipping young boy in the water with four other boys surrounding them.
The wet, brown dog has a stick in his mouth and is running in the sand next to the water.
A little girl running at on the shore of a beach.
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam and was frequently at his side.
Play With Fire We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
A man in a suit jacket is sitting on a red couch with a cat.
New World Trade Center declared tallest building in U.S.
EU Slaps New Sanctions on Russia Over Ukraine
no, it's not an answer.
The short answer is that yes, you can do this.
CCTV of gunmen in Tunisia museum attack
A cartoon chef is flipping pancakes.
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year.
Nicaragua, Venezuela offer asylum to Snowden
A black and white lamb with other lambs in the background.
Shooter charged with murder of US black teen
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.
A woman is chopping onion.
Heavy fighting rocks eastern Syria ahead of poll
Ukraine to implement unilateral ceasefire
A man is riding a motorcycle through a town.
Someoen is cooking onions.
Close-up of young horse walking next to a larger horse.
Chicago teachers strike in bitter contract dispute
Four dogs stand in the snow.
Break the bulb into cloves, breaking off the bottom and the dry stick that goes up the middle.
the international atomic energy agency reached an agreement with iranian officials that stated there were no remaining issues and ambiguities regarding iran's nuclear program and activities.
Both Counterpane and iDefense contend that the exploit works effectively against Windows 2000 systems running Service Pack 3 and 4.
Then the captain came back.
7.7-magnitude earthquake hits SW Pakistan
Today in History, April 23
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Twenty-four players broke par in the first round, the third highest figure in U.S. Open history.
Lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.
Heat flash detected at time of Russian airliner crash
"We believe KBR delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms," Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall said.
You don't need to know everything.
Two pandas are laying together.
The appropriate pH level of the water does vary a bit by fish, but too acidic can definitely kill them.
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.
A squirrel runs in circles.
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said.
Police helicopter crashes on top of bar in Glasgow
LendingTree shares rose 43 percent, or $6.31, to $21, more than doubling in the last two months.
Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances."
A race care driving along a dirt road.
A golden dog is running on the grass.
Snowden thanks Russia for granting asylum
The smiling woman at the beach is buried in seaweed.
Shanghai Free Trade Zone begins operation
A man is running across a high wire.
The man is sitting at a messy table and using a laptop.
Lowe's, with about half as many stores, reported a 33 percent increase in third-quarter profit behind a 12 percent jump in same-store sales.
A man stands on a platform in front of a silver train.
I would say it's completely safe so long as the bottles have been adequately rinsed to remove any detergent residue.
Mob kills man for burning Quran
Syria peace plan conditions “unacceptable,” opposition says
Under the U.S. Constitution, the other chamber of Congress, the House of Representatives, does not vote on foreign alliances.
In a mixture of ancient pagan and modern Christian rites, the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor.
Urgent: Death toll from NE China fire rises to 112
A cow is eating grass.
the amnesty international report was compiled by european and international non-governmental forums.
Security lights have also been installed on a barn near the front gate.
A close-up of a sheep with its tongue hanging out.
russia would not immediately increase military strength along russian borders.
IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.
"We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line," said Dave Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.
A girl running is flying a kite.
A passenger train coming into a station.
74 dead in Egypt soccer violence
Obama's poll rating drops in boost for Republican rivals
A small black and white goat in a pen looking up at the camera.
One Asian and one occasion woman in glasses smiling with their thumbs up.
Iran says it has seized U.S. drone; U.S. says it's not true
"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the revised Diebold machines," said Gilles W. Burger, chairman of the Maryland State Board of Elections.
A small bird standing on a log at the waters edge.
In addition, 6,800 people were in quarantine and thousands of health-care workers in working quarantine.
A few thousand troops, most from the division's 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week, with flights continuing through Friday.
The state's population was 6,080,485 in 2000, according to the U.S. census.
"Goblins don't exist" - fine.
"I don't know if the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules," Parrish said.
At least two Nato killed in Afghanistan helicopter crash: military
Russian parliament to consider ban on U.S. adoptions
A woman is putting a baby into a trash can.
Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters.
Tampering with medicine apparently was so lucrative, investigators said, that many of the suspects lived in million-dollar homes.
A brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in it's mouth.
Five people on a sidewalk.
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries, including Canada, are held, many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network.
The military said it had killed 16 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, with one soldier killed and six wounded.
Facebook earnings jump 63% as mobile ads accelerate
Two trains inside a train station.
iran's nuclear projects are for peaceful purposes.
Russia, China veto U.N. draft backing Arab plan for Syria (Reuters)
The airline said a similar discovery was made on the plane in Houston.
You should never do it.
U.S. closes embassy in Damascus due to Syria violence
The only other person who had not been accounted for Sunday was a man from Fort Worth, Texas.
A group of people sit around a table with food and beer.
A boy is running on a beach.
'Iran will attack Tel Aviv if Israel strikes'
A woman is chopping broccoli.
One human-being reliance on other(s) awareness is defined by the level of trust between the humans.
Well for one a being could have a non-physical existance and yet not even be in your mind.
A man plays a trumpet.
The short answer is that evolution couldn't create gills in humans.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.
Retailers back Bangladesh factory safety pact
A monkey is swinging from limb to limb.
government initiatives to disarm have been ineffective.
Investigators Probe Motives of Los Angeles Airport Shooter
A man dressed in a pale scarf with a stick.
Many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck.
A tiger club is playing with a ball.
A woman with a smiling baby sitting on the table.
The decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province, most of them civilians.
A person is writing with a pencil.
Britain summons Israeli envoy over settlements
A male and female robot are kissing.
A black and white photo of an empty train station.
The girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a $70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
Storm lashes Florida, delaying Republican convention
Chinese stocks fall after RRR cut - May 14
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually need to start exercising and eating better, according to new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
I agree with others that tracking your time is fundamental to the solution.
A group of people take a look at an unusual tree.
Deaf customers sue Starbucks, say they're mocked
Last week, former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government's investigation.
A man and woman is eating.
Soak whole ears in the husk in a bowl of water.
Somalia's Shebab claims responsibility for Nairobi mall attack
Someoen is peeling a potato.
Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration, worshippers said.
If draining the ponds in Maryland will further help establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
The Connecticut Hospital Association joined the Red Cross Monday in calling for more blood donors.
A school bus is driving uphill on a rural road.
Syria FM: We will stop producing chemical weapons
Obama to press Congress to act on economy
Egypt: Egypt crackdown sparks global outrage
The men were flown to nearby Botswana on an Air Malawi flight, the officials said.
a dog on the floor of a patio looks at a cat on the fence.
Nominations open for e.TV Ghana Most Influential Awards
Air squats, forward and side lunges, sprawl, wall chair, and lots and lots of jump rope.
A kitchen with wooden cabinets and furniture.
Sri Lanka warned over war crime allegations
China yuan weakens to 6.3282 against USD Monday
Pope canonizes 2 Palestinians
The Note's Must-Reads for Friday, December 6, 2013
The comedic mimes performed on stage.
A rabbi is talking.
A black dog is walking along the side of a pool.
There are people out on the street.
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.
A common one is haddock and is in season pretty much year round.
It is priced at $5,995 for an unlimited number of users tapping into the single processor, or $195 per user with a minimum of five users.
A man chops down a tree with an axe.
A dog is playing in the snow.
Car bomb hits Libyan Foreign Ministry in Benghazi
Hawaii preps for first hurricane in 22 years
Tens of thousands line up to cast votes in Bhutan
02:41 156 killed in China earthquake
Afghan parliament approves U.S.-Afghan security pact
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will couple with Friends on Thursdays.
Man, 40, arrested after shooting
Fed expected to maintain stimulus
The man is in a deserted field.
It is fairly simple to understand, somewhat harder to referee.
jamaat-i-islami's youth wing staged a separate demonstration in kashmir.
. Sinful people do not get to heaven.
**smooches Ran** Hey, Blue-Eyes, How's things in London?
A group wading across a ditch
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.
afghan drug trafficker was caught in tajikistan.
A white bird is steering a shopping cart.
A man is playing baseball.
The compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it.
Israeli government authorises new settlements ahead of talks
Turkey unrest goes on despite end to park protest
Greek protesters, police clash as bailout deal in limbo
Red Cross members kidnapped in Syria
a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft.
EU slaps sanctions on Assad family
Suicide bomber hits funeral in Iraq
A black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting
Algerian government parties dominate elections
My son didn't become potty trained until about his 4th birthday.
an African man hanging onto the back of a very full yellow van.
A man is eating a food.
A dog swims through the water.
NATO soldier dies in Afghanistan
I hope your LO is ok.
What the Papers Say, Nov. 19, 2013
Islamist parties in Egypt unite for elections
Bombings kill 19 people in Iraq
Fast-food workers strike for higher pay
A young girl in a pink jacket is playing a board game.
There is a small desk and chair in front of the laundry room.
Journalists smuggled out of Homs
In Russian, for example, animacy is not clear-cut in the distinction animate/inanimate.
The monkey scratched his tummy.
The flock of sheep are spread out in the field.
Guatemalan court finds former dictator guilty of genocide
"I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted.
Google appoints Dennis Woodside to run Motorola Mobility
Burrell said Diana wrote a letter in October 1996 claiming there was a plot to kill her in a smash and gave it to him to keep as insurance.
No, it makes no difference.
Pakistan Dismisses Case against FBI Agent
Washington Pot Shops Prepare for Historic Sales
Mandela in Hospital for 3rd Day
A monkey is playing drums.
At least 200 killed in Bangladesh building collapse
Man charged with murder in flat
Two men in fleeces and hats looking at the camera.
US surveillance aircraft join hunt for kidnapped Nigerian girls
Obama is part of the extreme leftwing.
the ministers from china, laos, india, myanmar and thailand will discuss how to find markets for goods produced under crop substitution and other related programs such as eco-tourism and handicraft manufacturing.
Death toll climbs to 15 in Indonesia boat sinking
New UN peacekeeping chief named for Central African Republic
US authorities charge man in ricin probe
There's no rule against it.
To force a recall election of Davis, the valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be turned in to election officials.
China launches probe and rover to moon
Myanmar’s Suu Kyi urges party unity amid squabbles
The woman is tapping her fingers on the table.
The House has passed bills the past two Congresses, but the Senate has not.
David Weber's The War God's Own has some lengthy travel scenes in it which he does quite well.
On War Criminals and Heroes: The Whitewashing of Ariel Sharon ŔÄ
russia imprisons people without evidence of illegal activity.
But the cancer society said its study had been misused.
NATO Leaders Commit to Afghanistan Transition
Mubarak faces verdict in murder trial
The Maine program could be a model for other states.
The dog walked along the edge of the pool.
Parents demands common forms for nursery admissions
A group of people are dancing.
The little girl played on the grass with a dog and a ball.
A cat is trying to touch a dog.
Russia jails Pussy Riot protest punks for two years
Daily Press Briefing: Syria
I've only made a couple of bbq sauces, but they've always come out really well.
A man is pressing microwave buttons.
france, belgium, germany, sweden, italy and britain provide parts and technology for the advanced light helicopter that india plans to sell to myanmar.
A woman is pouring batter into a bowl.
A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.
Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said.
An Ohio law that bans a controversial late-term abortion procedure is constitutionally acceptable and the state can enforce it, a federal appeals court ruled yesterday.
In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.
He claimed Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation with trying to undermine U.S. copyright and patent law.
Asia stocks fall ahead of Greek debt deal deadline
A small white cat standing in a sink.
Dolores E. Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs is just the type of person who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
Iran diplomat: progress being made in expert-level talks
A man is slicing a leave.
About 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight.
Obama says he's not 'hiding the ball' on Russia
the u.s. plans have angered the russian government.
Magnitude 6.3 quake strikes off Solomon Islands: USGS
Internal chaos has allowed foreign companies to set up damaging commercial logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls.
German parliament endorses Greek bailout
And now it's anything he wants to say," Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week.
Navy Jet Crashes Into Apartment Building
A man and woman are asleep on the couch.
The man is using a camera to hammer a nail.
Shares of Coke were down 26 cents to close at $44.10 on the New York Stock Exchange.
"I really liked him and I still do," Cohen Alon told the Herald yesterday.
Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant.
Brazil tied 2-2 by England as Maracana re-opens
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday where Donaldson is scheduled to testify on hedge and mutual funds.
a group of navy seals are singing
One dead in Ohio school shooting
Series of deadly attacks strikes Iraq
Lossless / nondestructive edits are reversible and would entail transforming and/or appending the data in a way that could be reversed.
Arthur Benson, attorney for the case's plaintiff schoolchildren, said he will appeal.
Red double decker bus.
Top judge Mansour sworn in as Egypt interim president
People flip into a swimming pool.
Say What You Will We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
A man shappens a knife.
It seemed like an isolated incident,'' said graduate Ariel Dean of Washington, D.C.
Prince William of Britain arrives in Beijing
Full text: China-EU 2020 Strategic Agenda for Cooperation
A child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire.
Income tax, top rate:  percent.
Assad meets with Red Cross officials in Syria
NYPD Twitter Outreach Backfires Badly
A man is walking down a road.
A promotional poster, complete with countdown dial, reminds readers of the upcoming release of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
Prince William dons samurai gear on Japan tour
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 6.48 points, or 0.66 percent, to 990.51.
This eclipses the old record of  set in .
Germany welcomes Iran nuclear agreement
but it seems it would have less "impact" if they didn't call him white.
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she has left on vacation with her family.
Please, what about them are not true.
people getting their dirty clothes cleaned
Syria talks agree military aid to rebels
Natalie was a complete fool to have insulted their fan base.
Two dogs are playing in the grass.
Afghan parliament votes to remove key ministers
A dog lays down in the long green grass.
One man and two women dressed in vampire costumes
Teenager in China kills 8, wounds 5 in knife attack
Johnson re-elected London mayor
Four injured in motorway crash
Egypt braces for 'Friday of anger' after carnage
In April, it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share.
Suicide bomber kills 13 in Russia's south
A lion is walking in an enclosed area.
a group of old men walking down the street
a white dog runs across the water.
"Jeremy's a good guy," Barber said, adding: "Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete.
In a news release Thursday, Strayhorn said this was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget.
Mali's Interim President Sworn Into Office
Oh friend, I have been down this miserable road just like you.
egypt and jordan have signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and have long called for a middle east free of weapons of mass destruction.
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday, as did Mills.
china is a member of the ballistic missile club.
Angelina Jolie and the complex truth about breast cancer
A double decker red United bus on a city street.
Seven kidnappers killed in southern Nigeria
Ive watched kids play.
Two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.
Where does the money come from in the first place?
A man and dog on a rocky seashore.
Russia: Syria Agrees to Participate in Conference
A man is spreading shreded cheese on a pizza.
A dog jogs through the grass.
four people sitting at a table.
Israel to release Palestinian prisoners as part of deal to revive peace talks
Gaza militants fire 40 rockets into Israel, 3 hurt: police
Israeli soldiers kill Palestinian woman in West Bank
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 7.60 points, or 0.46 percent, at 1,653.62.
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions only to see President Bill Clinton veto them.
Radio: Israel set to increase Palestinian prisoner release
There is a woman with a full head of hair.
A boat is on the water near a small plane.
PG&E Corp. shares jumped $1.63 or 8 percent to $21.03 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.
the areva group is the world's largest nuclear engineering firm.
Australia creates world's largest marine reserves
Funeral of Ian Paisley to take place in Belfast
The black and white bull is looking at the camera.
Libya postpones landmark election to July 7
Close up image of a sheep with it's tongue hanging out.
Your best bet is research.
Oil falls in Asian trade
A man is riding a mo-pad.
Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat.
A naked little girl being thrown into the air.
Taiwan's economy grows 2.27% in April-June quarter
The news also comes in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developers conference in San Francisco.
You're probably going to have to read various blogs to get all the information you want.
A man making a bed in a hotel.
do quy doan is a spokesman for the vietnamese ministry of culture and information.
Trailblazing Israeli electric car company Better Place to fold
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, at 1,594.13.
Snowden sees 'no chance' for US fair trial
A dog laying in a pet jacket.
A cat sleeping on the coach with a pillow behind it.
Britain rejects Syria military action
Thousands protest gay marriage in Paris
A motorcycle parked next to a car.
A man sitting on the grass looking toward the sky.
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher had 88,747 votes, or 57 percent of the total.
'Blade Runner' Pistorius to dispute murder charge
NATO: 2 International Troops Killed in Afghanistan
Held in Guatemala, software guru McAfee fights deportation
Hundreds dead or injured in China quake
A woman is dancing by a fire.
He said: “They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous.
A fish is swimming.
Zimbabwe: Mugabe declared winner in disputed vote
One woman is measuring another woman's ankle.
Apple app sends drivers to airport
drug traffickers from foreign countries constitute the largest percentage of foreign inmates in nepal.
Child milking a cow outside.
Children looking a sheep.
A man pours a plate of shredded cheese into a pot of sauce.
Dotson, 21, was subsequently charged with Dennehy's murder.
a girl holding a picture of Michael Jackson smiling
A guy is mowing the lawn.
A man is making a speech at the podium.
Syrian PM Survives Bomb Attack
A person is slicing a scallop.
Two cows are drinking from a pond.
Dubbed Project Mad Hatter, the Linux-based desktop is being promoted by Sun as a more secure and less expensive alternative to Windows.
A man is peeling a carrot.
Two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow.
We always lightly bopped our kids on the mouth, therefore showing him that his mouth is what hurt you.
Pistorius cop on seven attempted murder charges
NATO: Patriot missile battery operational on Syrian border
A man poured ric-a-roni into a pan.
A person folds a tortilla.
It is the same idea as what Aristotle called the unmoved mover.
The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first one to buck the national group's stance.
Bangladesh court sentences first lawmaker to death for war crimes
More expensive cars.
A man is playing piano.
A woman is slicing a pepper.
A woman is tapping her fingers on a table.
Some Syria violence qualifies as civil war -Red Cross
Hong Kong stocks end higher
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC dipped 8.59 points, or 0.48 percent, to 1,773.54.
If you asked , progressives, the numbers would be skewed to the left.
Shares of Corixa were gaining 71 cents, or 10%, to $7.91 on the Nasdaq.
Three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.
A white and red bus traveling on the street.
many of those executed in iran are hanged in public.
A man lifts weights.
As someone who has always travelled with a lot of prescription medication, I always declare it.
The Swedish central bank was also meeting on Wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday.
Students take a ride on airwaves
One of the defining and well-studied characteristics of temperament is how people react to novelty.
A cyclist in black and white lira speeding past spectators.
Long lines formed Sunday outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines as Israelis braced for the strike's effects.
Two women give a demonstration at a Renaissance Fair.
Read More: You have never met anyone that is Pro-Abortion?
The elderly and those with weakened immune systems are also urged to protect against mosquito bites.
Two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow.
Syrian rebels move command from Turkey to Syria
Look forward to seeing it!
a dog is running across the sand with a stick in it's mouth.
A man on a motorcycle performing a wheelie.
A very retro living room with a television in it.
China's stocks close lower on Monday
russia and nato member countries will hold meetings this fall on the conventional forces in europe treaty (cfe).
A woman watches a dog jump down the stairs.
A small baby is playing a guitar.
An empty office cubicle.
A man and woman sit at a table in a restaurant.
North American markets grabbed early gains Monday morning, as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight.
A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water
A white dog is playing with a ball on the beach.
A man doing a wheelie on a mountain bike.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.
A man is shaking another mans hand.
You burn more Calories digesting protein than you do carbohydrates and fat.
Two cats are looking at a window.
Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside.
putin announced that the cfe treaty does not duly protect russia's security interests.
Israeli forces detain 2 in Hebron arrest raid
one indian government official who studied the blueprints stated the science was old and dated but still functional.
Two birds flying towards water feeder.
A red bird and four other birds sitting in the snow.
french energy and transport company alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai.
A young boy riding a bike on a brick road
Of the 1.1 million infected in south Asia, 62% are female.
The State University at Stony Brook launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection.
no missile witnesses.
Polls close in Egyptian presidential election
Close up of a white sheep with a black head.
Suicide attacks kill 24 people in Baghdad
"Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand our strength and our weakness and the reality of the world.
I would look at this way:
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 4.77, or 0.5 percent, to 929.62.
A man and and woman are running together, holding hands.
A man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing.
A man is eating his food.
The New York Mets then selected outfielder Lastings Milledge from Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida.
A black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
This dog is jumping through the water.
myanmar's military rulers burned approximately 250 million dollars worth of illegal drugs to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking.
Delhi Gang Rape Suspect 'Beaten, Poisoned'
Two brunette girls sit atop a red an yellow motorcycle with a side car.
A woman is shooting off a gun.
A small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair.
Three boys are dancing.
A man is breaking pots.
The government doesnt have to declare you married before you can be married.
4 NATO Troops Killed in Afghanistan
Clinton Warns Against Undermining Grameen Bank
two girls holding up a scary movie flyer
The brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet.
four children are playing on a trampoline.
Baghdad cafe bombing kills at least 38
Driver backs into mom, stroller with child then drives off
A man pours water over a pilots head.
Wrap well in plastic (individually) and then put in a freezer bag.
U.N. Security Council calls for humanitarian ceasefire in Gaza
Two little boys are playing on a playground.
Gov. Linda Lingle and other dignitaries are scheduled to be at the base to watch the launch.
Two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window.
You are safe to use the bottles as long as they have been properly sterilised.
Two men are fighting.
I like watching kids play.
russia ratified the amended version of the treaty.
Chinese envoy rebuts Vietnamese, Philippine accusations over South China Sea
A man and woman are walking arm in arm through a wooded area.
Obama is Bush's fault.
Gunmen 'kill 10 tourists' in Kashmir
the ecuadorian foreign ministry said in a statement that delegates from the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons (opaq) will also take part in the meeting.
India and China troops retreat to de facto border in face-off deal
Senator Reid involved in Las Vegas car crash: CNN
loose change started out as a work of fiction.
Polls open in France for presidential election
A little boy is singing and playing a guitar.
I brought an Ace product that kla crab grass and you can use it below 90 degrees.
A boy with a metal colander on his head.
A person is surfing.
Originally Posted by Vienna To 'say' what?
A woman is painting her wall white.
The researchers say that the fact the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohns sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation.
More than 60 killed at Iraq funeral
Soccer players are kicking a soccer ball into the goal.
Romney Promises to 'Restore America'
A social gathering of people in a restaurant.
Israeli forces detain 2 Palestinians in overnight arrest raids
suspected islamic militants with alleged al-qaida links have been arrested in malaysia and singapore.
Earlier this month, RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share.
A gibbon is swinging in the trees.
According to Zimmerman he did.
Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 540: army
Toulouse shooting: France was on the highest level of security of security alert
The ignorance is yours!
Or sin is removed upon entry to heaven.
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.
A man spreads butter on a big piece of bread.
For the most part you can apply at any US consulate.
Five dead in Canada train crash
Cuba's 'Ladies' to Pick Up EU Prize 8 Years Later
NATO traces path out of Afghanistan
The beaver is being petted.
You've pretty much answered your own question.
Police clash with youth in Cairo after anti-Morsi protest
Japan falls silent to mark 311 tragedy
A man is squeezing water.
Three boys playing soccer in a field
Egypt sentences Pakistani amid 5 to death for drug smuggling
Rosenthal declined comment on the Garrett situation Tuesday but said in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.
Seismic data does not equal duration of collapse.
A man and a woman are riding bikes on a street.
Parents received letters informing them of the possible contamination yesterday.
Fundamental difference?
Older gentleman sitting on couch with laptop.
"Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end."
One question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.
He left the army for Syria where he received religious training.
A man is dancing in rain.
Colorado Governor Visits School Shooting Victim
Does this page answer your question?
A man jumps while on a snowboard.
The man used a sword to slice a plastic bottle.
The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager."
Again, personal responsibility.
Sequence a only in writing (sometimes you have to go back and revise) option the not writer has is.
UN chief welcomes peaceful presidential elections in Guinea
Israel reaches deal with Palestinian hunger strikers
brazilian police surrounding slums north of rio de janeiro to rid them of violent drug traffickers.
World Briefing | Asia: Myanmar: Deadly Anti-Muslim Violence Flares Up
People on motorcycles wearing racing gear ride around a racetrack
A pair of young boys in t-shirts are hiding in the woods with one looking aghast.
A band is playing and singing on a stage.
Hong Kong set for democracy march
india accuses pakistan of funding and training the cross-border guerrillas.
I haven't read the books, but I saw the movie today.
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had been using Google's advertising services.
Two dogs are playing together in the grass.
Beleaguered telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
16 killed in north Iraq attacks
In that case, the court held that the city of Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning, in the interest of aesthetics, only the advertising pamphlets.
U.S., Iran prepare for Istanbul nuclear talks
A man is getting into a car.
A girl riding a tan horse.
A man shooting a car.
Tomatoes will last longer if kept in the fridge, but I actually recommend against keeping them there.
The same survey a month ago had Street leading Katz 42 percent to 34 percent, with 21 percent undecided.
A man helps a boy ride a bike.
James Murdoch quits role at BSkyB
People walking in the dark.
A yellow school bus parked in a field.
The person is wearing a fedora.
A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum.
Egypt Crackdown Draws Condemnation
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.
She took the highly unusual step of skipping cabinet to attend a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical."
A brown dog is running in a field.
The euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $1.1935 last week and hitting a record high of 140.90 yen in late May.
Security agencies worry about new terrorist threats in Kenya
When Christians are extreme its just simply religion.
Use of force in defense of person.-A
Military: Syria chemical stocks threaten Israel
I feel your pain - I absolutely pour with sweat with any vigorous exercise, even in cool conditions.
A man seated is playing the guitar.
Taylor's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos, a view shared by many in Liberia and, in private, even by mediators.
A animal is walking around.
Pardon the brevity of this answer, but I would say "named" is preferred within the context of your example.
Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase, said "I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply."
Lebanese Gunmen Clash Over Syria Crisis
The giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program, based in Socorro, New Mexico.
Six Australians killed in Laos plane crash
"I think there's a building confidence that the cop is on the beat."
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."
I think it's fine to ask this question.
Okla. inmate dies of heart attack after botched execution
"We don't want to stand by and see a credit card lynching take place," he said.
Menendez faces possible corruption charges
the international atomic energy agency is the u.n.'s nuclear watchdog.
The dog returns the play toy to its master.
North Korean cargo reveals missile repair trade with Cuba
A man is pouring pasta onto a plate.
Three dogs running in the dirt.
It's definitely just a matter of preference.
orphaned alps massacre girl returns to uk
Israel unveils 1,800 more settler homes
Yes, your sentence will be clearer if you write the actual word instead of the slash.
Man held after teen shot in Belfast
US astronaut Neil Armstrong dead at 82
A black and white cat is sitting on a brown chair looking up.
Leaving aside heath care angle, you are working from a flawed premise that waging war doesn't save lives.
A large pile of wooden items piled high.
Yeager said the suspect in the Target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday.
China yuan weakens to 6.1559 against USD
Joining Stern and McEntee on stage was International Union of Painters and Allied Trades President James Williams.
US Secretary of State John Kerry‚Äôs wife rushed to hospital
The head of the local disaster unit, Gyorgy Heizler, said the coach driver had failed to heed red stop lights.
A row of locomotives on a siding in a field.
A large bird of prey flying towards the camera.
A rabbit is kissing another rabbit.
TROPICAL CYCLONE FORMATION IS NOT EXPECTED.
the lawyer of michael karras named s.s. dhillon could not be reached for comment.
Weak earnings drag stocks lower on Wall Street
A coal train traveling down the tracks.
Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop.
No, I show you are willfully ignorant.
A young girl is talking on a cell phone.
Three dogs are playing in the white snow.
The train heads down the tracks and along the hedge.
Yes, it is hard to publish in a peer reviewed journal.
Kerry: No deal yet in nuclear talks with Iran
Lance Armstrong calls it quits in fight against doping charges
Isn't that redundant and repetetive?
Iran says Israel lying about rockets
Bomb blast kills 10 in southwest Pakistan
Thirty-Seven Dead In Italy Tour Bus Plunge
"I'm real excited to be a Cleveland Cavalier," James said.
Nelson Mandela released from hospital
Someone is typing.
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th on Tuesday.
4 killed in building collapse in southern India
"This case is wholly without merit, both factually and legally," Judge Denny Chin scoffed.
Outrage after reports emerge about 6-year-old Indian girl raped at school
President Bush has raised $83.9 million since beginning his re-election campaign in May, and has $70 million of that left to spend, his campaign said Tuesday.
The dog is laying on a bed with a blue sheet.
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) on Friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament.
Additionally, the h2210’s cradle has room to charge a second battery.
Singapore shares open 0.06% lower on Tuesday
A black dog lies on the grass.
The president is not really all that important for German people.
Iran Nuclear Deal Sealed After Decades-Long Dispute
Yolanda death toll climbs to 3,621
A small red and grey bird perched in a tree.
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.
A woman fixes her hair.
Chante Jawan Mallard, 27, went on trial Monday, charged with first-degree murder.
A man is reading his email.
Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar.
A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.
Thai police use tear gas against protesters
Obama to meet with China‚Äôs Xi in California June 7-8
A woman pours a mixture into a bowl and mixes it.
The yellow dog is running on the dirt road.
A group of people standing in the street
The pressure may well rise on Thursday, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN, the cable sports network.
The women are in a play
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15, classified as a Category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph.
A woman puts flour on a piece of meat.
A cat on its back looking at the camera.
A man is doing exercise.
Two men are talking.
A baby elephant is eating a small tree.
the cfe treaty was established in 1990.
Two women sitting on brown couch.
Comstock said several federal courts have ruled that the detentions are fully within the law.
The man is erasing the chalk board.
Syrian opposition pleads for criminal court action
A woman wearing a navy dress is cutting a cake on a white table.
peeve So we agree that it came down essentially in freefall?
41 killed, 22 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq
Advancers outnumbered decliners by nearly 8 to 3 on the NYSE and more than 11 to 5 on Nasdaq.
There is nothing on the side of the road.
russian parliament voted unanimously to suspend russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe (cfe) treaty.
"I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job," she said.
Senior cleric: Iran will attack Tel Aviv if Israel strikes
US-Russia reach agreement on Syria weapons
The farther away, the faster the galaxies move away from us.
The answer to both of your questions is yes.
A woman pets a dog in a gated yard.
The arm was kept in a separate room, but the monkeys could track their progress by watching a representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight," Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president.
Shenzhen stock indices close higher Monday
France's Nicolas Sarkozy makes his reelection bid official
Florida's Supreme Court has twice refused to hear the case.
In a statement issued by his solicitors, Mr Hadley said: "I am absolutely delighted with the outcome of proceedings.
In a gym, the toprope will be wrapped over a cylindrical bar.
A woman is frying a food.
Boy with glasses typing on a computer.
A dog is biting a mop.
Egypt to hold presidential elections before parliamentary polls
The ladies are performing a dance.
Bahrain rejects activists' appeal
A group of people are marching in place.
Greek PM accuses coalition of hypocrisy
There are three main factors that drive the low shadow economy in the US.
Putin to win Russia's presidential election
A dog is catching a fish in a river.
A person is cutting garlic into pieces with a knife.
A golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch
LURD's Ja'neh also called for an interim government and the deployment of a U.S.-led Western peacekeeping force.
There are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball.
Trish York, a spokeswoman for Boeing, declined to comment on the deal.
By state law, 911 calls are not public information and were not released.
Austrian man charged after 56 human skulls are found at his home
A young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing.
A little boy is vacuuming the floor.
Presidential vote polarises Egyptians
"What does pressing the number one do?"
No healthy person needs sex.
Egypt's President-Elect Morsi Starts to Form Government
A person throws a cat on the ceiling.
A man is picking up a tree.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
after talks at nato headquarters baluyevsky repeated russia's opposition to u.s. plans to install antimissile defenses in europe and dismissed u.s. assertions that the interceptors were needed to defend against potential threats from iran.
Two red buses parked up with gardens in front of them.
Wells’ other series include NBC’s ER and Third Watch.
Syrian forces kill 54 ahead of Annan peace mission
A close-up of a sheep in the grass.
Many of the changes are improvements to the original plan, Libeskind said.
Malaysia Airlines loses contact with plane carrying 239 to Beijing
The Bush administration blames the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks on Saddam loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops.
Elecia Battle dropped her purse after buying the Mega Millions Lottery ticket last week and believes the ticket blew away.
It will also give Microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the Commission.
a boy swinging on a swing.
Yemen: Fighting in north kills over 120
Iran warns of spillover of possible war on Syria
A black and a yellow dog
Voracek with the goal.
What works for me is to switch the subjects and take frequent breaks.
Guatemala's former leader found guilty of genocide
Two girls talk on the phone.
A man is playing an acoustic guitar.
Mayor says 14 dead in Texas fertilizer plant blast
Couple sailing in a small sailboat.
Venezuela expels three U.S. diplomats
Spanish bulls gore seven to death
Tour De France Pack Sets off for Stage 15
Button boasts best time after first practice
76 killed in Bangladesh building collapse
Appropriate deferments for the time, eh?
A person is cutting mushrooms with a knife.
S. Korea demands talks with N. Korea on closed factory
A woman is removing skin from some meat.
There is no maximum.
Two dogs are running on the grass.
Some Syria violence amounts to civil war-Red Cross
A man is slicing a potatoe.
China sends carrier to South China Sea
a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses.
Anil, there certainly is a difference in results, mainly in image quality.
GOP presidential hopefuls clash in Southern races
The man added vegetables to the broth in the pot.
A woman at the dining table with wine, beer, and lemons.
Chinese shares close higher on Tuesday
Kroger's Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity.
A group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water.
Obama waiting for midterm to name attorney general
Preliminary reports were that the men were not seen together at the airport, sources said.
Ukrainian parliament dismisses president
A horse is standing.
Mr McDonnell is leading Grant Thornton International's inquiry into the Italian business.
Indian minister killed in head-on collision
Lance Armstrong drops fight against doping charges
A little girl swimming in a pool.
A wonderful woman I know has the Habenera bag by REI (link).
A little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair.
Eight bottles of Harp beer lined up on a wooden floor.
Titanic violin sells for $1.7 million
ingo kober stated that some nations had stronger intellectual property rights than others.
A dog opens a can of food.
An old woman is shaking hand with a man.
Two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field.
In traditional grammar, the word doing is a participle in all your examples.
Jordan Opens First Refugee Camp for Syrians
While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells.
England captain Strauss retires from cricket
Sometimes I, too, fantasise about bending people before my demented will.
Snowden sees "no chance" to get fair trial in U.S.
Obama lauds progress on gay rights in inaugural address
A man lies in a bed in a cluttered room.
The Department of Homeland Security announced Tuesday that it has selected three companies to continue research into ways to thwart shoulder-fired missile attacks on U.S. commercial aircraft.
Several shots rang out in the darkness, but only one gator had been killed by 11 p.m.
A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses.
Instead, Weida decided that Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.
U.S. files espionage charges agains NSA leaker
What conviction where you talking about before?
Queen visits Britain's new prince
the united states and other nato members have refused to do ratify the updates cfe.
"I was believing that I was confident I could do this, but only in the case I would play my best tennis.
Israel unveils plans for new settler homes
Two men in business dress are standing by the side of a road.
AstraZeneca to buy Bristol out of diabetes venture for up to $4.1 billion
You don't have equipments/facilities to do research in B.
The two men are wearing jeans.
AP poll: Majority in US have prejudice against blacks
The bad thing is there's space.
A man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks.
South Africa hosts 'peace talks' in mine standoff
UK 'concern' over Hong Kong protests
Google search for Travel WODs has whole lots of results which you can use.
A man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride.
A dog is stealing food from a refrigerator.
World's oldest man dies at 116
A light-colored dog runs through the grass.
Girls are holding hands in blue clothes
Two goats standing in a field by a tree.
Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.
a dog runs across the land.
Secretary of State Colin Powell said yesterday that contacts with Iran would continue.
You should have a consultation route with the school head which can lead to direct consultation with a health professional.
north korea is currently in the process of dismantling its nuclear weapons program.
What the Papers Say, Oct. 10, 2013
A woman is dancing in a cage.
A woman is combing her hair.
Thai government says elections Feb. 2
A dog is running toward the camera.
Camouflage airplane sitting on grassy field.
A Caesarean had originally been planned in mid- November, two weeks early.
A little girl plays the violin on a beach.
A woman rides an elephant in front of an adoring crowd.
You need to reread what I wrote.
I agree with Lauren's answer: You need highs and lows in any story.
Syrian opposition offers Assad truce in Homs for duration of Ramadan
A man is chopping egg plant.
Three humans are walking a dog.
A yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers.
So you know, I do not have personal experience with this.
the chinese government has strengthened china's anti-proliferation capacity in recent years.
Syria opposition pressed to attend talks
Vinnie Jones reveals cancer battle new
Greece reaches agreement with troika, bailout tranche expected within days
Some smiling children are standing in front of an ocean sunset.
Man finds car on eBay 42 years after it was stolen
Owners, others charged in Bangladesh factory fire
Russia warns it will 'respond' if interests in Ukraine attacked
The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.
Greek PM to announce new election
Two surfers on riding a small wave.
Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said.
A man makes a call on a cell phone.
A woman is bathing into bath-tub.
The investment gives Larkspur, Calif.-based BayStar more than 2.9 million shares of SCO common stock, or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
Bombs Kill 35 in Baghdad Christian Area
the international atomic energy agency has no access to people, documents, sites.
AbbVie Sours on $55B Shire Deal After Tax Changes
A small white dog running across a lawn.
France to ban child beauty pageants
Waiting for the next president
U.S. Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline.
Consumers would still have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
A cost analysis is under way, said Michael Rebell, CFE's executive director.
Actually, it's much more easier to count the one NOT on the same continent.
Ten killed in new blast in Russia
A child runs through the grass.
Someone is cooking okra in a pan.
Typhoon Haiyan: world sends relief to battered Philippines
A black dog and a white dog play in the street together.
Two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera.
A woman is playing the flute.
Japan suffers severe flooding - in pictures
We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."
1 dead, 4 wounded in Ohio school shooting
The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser, Telemarketing Associates.
Founded in 1996, the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gained 5.51 points, or 0.56 percent, to 981.73.
After 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation, the boys were separated Sunday at Children's Medical Center of Dallas.
Microsoft's Surface tablet promising, but questions remain
A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.
So, I don't know how legitimate this is but yeah.
Syrian regime denies role in Houla massacre
4 Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai ambush
Congress twice passed similar bills, but then-President Clinton vetoed them both times.
He was arrested last week for allegedly punching a parking attendant outside a nightclub in LA.
Egypt court sentences 10 Brotherhood supporters to death - sources
Fast Picture Viewer is $9.99 and works just fine on 64-bit Windows 7 (I'm using it myself).
Group of people sitting at table of restaurant.
A black swan flapping its wings on the water.
43 killed, 86 wounded in attacks in Iraq
Haiti is a shithole.
Air strikes kills dozens in northern Syria
Black and brown table in living room setting.
Vice President Dick Cheney says Mississippi Republican Haley Barbour would be a good governor because of his government and business savvy.
Texas man finds his car 42 years after it was stolen
Jordan elected to take Saudi seat on UN Security Council
The results are to be published in Wednesday's issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association.
Imran to contest from four NA seats
Older gentleman looking at red motorcycle.
A man seated in a room is playing the guitar.
A young woman is playing the flute.
Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public.
A man is throwing knives at a tree.
A man is feeding a mouse to a snake.
We had a cat that required daily medication, and it was a struggle to give the cat a pill.
Cuba's Castro to Take Over CELAC Presidency
Two women are wrestling on the floor.
Uganda's president signs harsh anti-gay law
Apple app directs drivers to Alaska airport runway
A man is karate kicking at another man wearing protective boxing gloves.
Eurozone unemployment at record high in June
A white Jeep parked on a street.
Someone is feeding a animal.
the number 254 was tabulated with an afp count compiled from press and witness reports.
The Standard Edition is $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user.
Thirty-three of the 42 men had been arrested by Wednesday evening, said Daniel Bogden, U.S. attorney in Nevada.
Suicide bomber attacks Algerian security base
Aust shares up 1% after interest rate cut
Chinese, Russian FMs exchange opinions on Ukraine crisis
Death toll from west Chinas violence rises to 35
Obama condemns killing of 3 Israeli teens
A person on a snowmobile in mid jump.
GL, Terral Hi Corn: So, you actually believe every word of what Terral wrote?
You should prime it first.
A man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper.
Scott Dixon eventually made winning the Honda Indy 225 look easy Sunday at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March; strikes have preceded eight of the last 10 contracts.
A doctor prescribes a medicine.
U.S. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected Taliban militants after coming under fire in southern Afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks.
A yellow school bus is parked in a rural area.
Rafa Nadal to miss Australian Open
Dynes has been at UC San Diego since 1991 after spending 22 years with AT&T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials.
Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.
Security personnel killed in Pakistan raid
A woman is collecting tap water in a mug.
Rocket fired from Gaza damages home in Sderot; none hurt
Kenya Supreme Court upholds election result
A black and white photo of a motorcycle laying on the ground.
Palatalisation of /k/ before front vowels happens all over the place: Russian, Greek, Turkish, Persian etc.
N Korea says it may delay controversial rocket launch
A black dog is shaking off water.
The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center.
A black dog is biting a light brown dogs ear in a playful manner.
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges cut his speech short.
A man is breaking tiles with his hands.
Government deciding what pregnancies need to be carried to term, that's fine.
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.
US House backs new sanctions before Iran inauguration
Islamists still holding some 30 hostages as Kenya mall standoff continues
Edited by LashL: Edited to properly mask profanity.
Someone is cutting a piece of meat.
Texas lawmakers must close a $185.9 million budget gap by the middle of July or the schools wont open in September, Comptroller Carole Keeton Strayhorn said Thursday.
Texas Instruments climbed $US1.37 to $US19.25 and Novellus Systems advanced $US1.76 to $US36.31, each having been raised to "overweight" by Lehman.
Or this one by Jim Croce We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
It may be dying because entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the Internet's choke-points and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them."
The Securities and Exchange Commission has also initiated an informal probe of Coke.
A group of people standing with two other people dressed as Elvis.
Brother of EastEnders actress Gemma McCluskie is charged with her murder
British stuntman dies in wingsuit mishap in Alps
Red Cross workers released in Ukraine
A woman is stirring two eggs in a glass bowl.
Labor ministry announcement due on Monday
US readies possible solo action against Syria
Two women sitting in chairs in a shop.
Yacimovich urges cabinet to approve Palestinian prisoners release
Opposition leaders emerge to commemorate Cambodian workers' deaths
A room with tan walls and a washer and dryer.
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business by around 45 percent to some one-third of total sales.
July 18: Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant.
A man is cutting and onion.
Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.
Iran's Rouhani warns of Talibanisation in Syria
The Conference Board said its measure of business confidence, which had fallen to 53 in the first quarter of 2003, improved to 60 in the most recent second quarter.
The puppy played with a blue tennis ball.
A dog is walking around a pool.
A duck floating in the water.
A puppy running along a street.
A man wearing a straw hat and fishing vest in a stream.
Nearly half - 45 percent - are for shopping or running errands.
"There were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals -- there's not one person who's responsible here," Gehman said.
Eurozone jobless hits fresh record high
A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing.
A man is putting a knife in a vice.
A flock of birds hovered over the sandy beach.
And you didn't have to.
Maybe this could work for you.
A man ties a noose.
Mother arrested on suspicion of manslaughter after dog kills daughter
three dogs growling On one another
A skateboarder slides down a handrail on his feet.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index gained 2.90 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,606.87.
Obama vows to save Iraqis stranded on mountain
The no-shows were Sens. John Kerry of Massachusetts and Bob Graham of Florida.
2 car bombs kill 8 in southern Iraq
US orders non-essential staff to leave Tunisia, Sudan
South Korea ferry captain arrested
Super Typhoon Haiyan, Strongest of Season, Slams the Philippines
A black and a brown dog running in the grass.
A cat plays in his water.
Business Week's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday.
A woman is slicing a onion.
Egypt's Morsi faces trial for prison break
A woman in a pink bikini is laying on a deck lounge chair that is covered with a pink towel.
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.
A woman is slicing octopus.
If it wasn't alive, then it would miscarriage on it's own.
Protests continue in Ukraine despite concessions
A guy is talking into a microphone.
Israeli teens missing in West Bank
Douglas Robinson, CA senior vice president, finance, will fill the position in the interim.
Israel And Hamas 'Accept Temporary Truce'
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, to Farida, a "highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman".
a black and white photo of cows in their stalls.
A man is applying butter to bread.
A group of people get off a train.
German envoy optimistic about Iran-G5+1 talks
But it is clear that the Joint Intelligence Committee was not involved.
Israeli doctors could be tried abroad for force-feeding Palestinian prisoners
The stock had risen 63 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $20.26 in regular-session Nasdaq trading.
U.S. says saddened by shooting on Afghan civilians
I can imagine a scenario where a single all powerful god create the universe that we know of.
McArthur told internetnews.com price declines have moderated and remained below 30 percent from the previous year for the last two quarters.
A group of sheep are on a hill.
Blast kills 11 in northwestern Pakistan
US drone strike kills eleven in Pakistan
2 killed, dozens injured by blast in southwest Pakistan
On the other hand, if this will help further establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 19.67, or 1.3 percent, to 1523.71, its highest since June 18.
Semiconductor giant Intel Corp. said yesterday that its second-quarter profits doubled from a year ago as stronger-than-expected demand for computer microprocessors offset the weakness of its communications chip business.
People waiting.
Bomb kills 18 civilians in Afghanistan
Donna Summer, Queen of Disco, Dies at 63
The basketball player is about to score points for his team.
Custody, images at stake in Cruise-Holmes divorce
A man is moon-walking across a store.
Small child playing with letter P
The black and white dog runs through the grass.
shalgam's visit to london is the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969.
Liquid ammonia leak kills 15 in Shanghai
A skier is falling into the snow.
Someoen is playing guitar.
A wet, blond dog carries a stick on the shore.
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the action and is mobilising for protests.
University of Florida frat accused of spitting on wounded war veterans
India govt rejects proposal to shut petrol pumps at night
nato considers cyber attacks a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks.
-Not- talking about it 'and' -Not- doing anything.
A female DJ holds up a Michael Jackson album.
Sarkozy to sue after Gaddafi cash claim bursts into campaign
Some people are dancing on stage.
Boiling eliminates only a certain class of contaminants that can make you ill.
A man and woman are talking on the phone.
People gathered together in a room.
The bald eagle is perched on a rope.
A man is playing keyboards.
South Korea Orders Immediate Shutdown of 2 Nuclear Reactors
ahmad lodged a formal complaint with the independent police complaints commission alleging that british police concocted intelligence reports to implicate ahmad in terror activities and desecrated ahmad's copy of the islamic holy book the koran by putting the koran on the floor during a search of ahmad's home.
Relief is in sight for Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums.
I'd say it depends on the ultimate outcome you want?
Defense lawyers cannot appeal the ruling until after trial, in the appellate courts.
No problem if Mulayam forms third front: Digvijay
This depends on the shelf life of the cultivar of tomato you purchased.
One person wields an umbrella.
People are dancing outside.
Three women cook.
Car bomb in northern Syria kills at least 12
A girl is playing a violin.
5.6 magnitude earthquake shakes Iran
Ukraine's parliament votes to dismiss president
He said the FDA was hoping Congress and the courts would bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers.
A man dives off of a cliff.
Amgen shares gained 93 cents, or 1.45 percent, to $65.05 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq.
Freeman said not having a driver license has been a burden.
A man is catching a ball.
Sheriff: Man recovers stolen car 42 years later
Tunisian opposition politician shot dead
Customers that pay the $1,219 entrance fee get SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses.
Syria divided opposition struggles within wider Syrian struggle
The woman is peeling lemon.
Obama's delicate dance on same-sex marriage
All we know is this : Distant objects are receding from us at a rate proportional to their distance from us.
French retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040.
Cash-rich Apple to pay dividend, buy back shares
"The discovery that the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohn's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation," it said in a statement.
People rock jumping into water while people fish in the background.
A girl does a back bend on the beach.
North Korea 'postpones' family unions with South Korea
An explosion is booming in the desert.
Navy jet crashes into US apartments, pilots eject
Silvio Berlusconi expelled from Italy's parliament
A girl is bungee jumping.
The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were being stored by more than 100 wholesalers in Chicago.
The cricket player hit the ball.
Israel conducts airstrike on Syria
Cats (and all animals in general) do not understand the concepts of order or tidiness.
Taliban soldiers posing as pretty women on Facebook to get troops' secrets
Brazil's 'Pop-Star Priest' Gets Mammoth New Stage
India accuses China of crossing de facto border
A tan dog is lying on a couch and has its head on a white pillow.
A man and woman are riding bicycles across a junction in the city.
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended it to Oct. 17.
Woman playing tennis and hitting the ball.
A person is hitchhiking on a road.
Couple marry in the UK's first Scientology wedding
Nearly all countries grew quickly in the 1950s and 1960s for pretty much the same reasons.
A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter.
Aung San Suu Kyi to address British MPs
Syria urges refugees to return
Syria: Cameron and Obama move west closer to intervention
You can try putting the diaper on backwards which may only work for a little while.
Euro zone to Greece: No rescue without reforms
Boy lying on couch with small white dog.
I Want to Rock and Roll by Kiss We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
The cows feed in the trough.
national, regional and international efforts to end the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons.
Senior Pakistani Taliban commander captured in Afghanistan
A rocket exploded.
Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.
Stars pay tribute to Cory Monteith
The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.
Yes, there is at least one to my knowledge.
Dogs, he said, are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research.
Gates blast rocks Obama administration
So that you will admit and verify that I have made no claim.
The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
US Afghanistan general linked to Petraeus scandal
The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people, including seven Americans.
Apart from what has been said, your need of water also depends on what you eat.
A woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel.
The Mets took Lastings Milledge, an outfielder from Florida, with the 12th pick.
Fallen US firefighters brought home
Likewise, the 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent, up from 4.30 percent.
New coronavirus can probably can be passed person to person- WHO
I don't see Obama as the lesser of two evils.
Penn Traffic stock closed Wednesday at 36 cents, up 2 cents, or 6.2 percent, from Tuesday's close.
Depressed woman sitting on couch.
A man reels in a fish.
A person is placing a baby komodo dragon into a container.
A man and his bicycle laying down on the green grass.
A young girl wearing a hat and blue jeans is on a swing.
A brown dog jumping into the air to catch a ball.
Foreign exchange rates in Singapore
Ukraine's jailed opposition icon Tymoshenko walks free
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.
Progress reported in Palestinian prisoner hunger strike talks
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP= .
again, this is not a constitutional issue.
Russia, Syria Work on 'Concrete' Chemical Weapons Plan
A man is riding a bicycle.
Cuba's 'Ladies' to pick up EU prize 8 years late
A person is slicing octopus.
Hurricane Sandy takes aim at US East Coast
The one that has  walks home afterwards and goes to sleep.
The company posted a profit of $54.3 million, or 22 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
Obama addresses Secret Service scandal
A black and white horned cow standing in a field.
Yes, there is a reason to not do what you propose.
Rodney King death ruled accidental
Two zebras are playing.
Suspicious object found in Tel Aviv not explosive device
Cricket-England 155-4 v Australia, fourth test - tea
Five people are outside.
Turkish police fight protesters, clear square
The man is playing the piano.
Two women standing in a living room with a black dog looking towards the camera.
A person is dumping chopped vegetables into a pot on the stove.
"I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal but I'm not going to be negative about it".
French parliament backs reform of law on prostitution
Brigadier General Edward Aritonang, a police spokesman, confirmed yesterday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
Mali's President Hands in Resignation
Bienging is unaccptable.
Several Florida officials connected to the case have received threatening letters, accompanied by rifle bullets.
A man walks his dog on the beach.
40 still missing in Canadian train wreck
The boy is playing in the sand.
A man is chopping butter into a container.
Lance Armstrong stripped of Tour de France titles
gorgich and pashtoon were executed in prison.
Generally, almost wherever I go, I find it's easiest to get money out of the ATM.
lavrov has told us secretary of state condoleezza rice that russia remains open to dialogue.
Venezuela's Hugo Chavez dies of cancer
French set for Mali ground combat
In Canada, the surging dollar was in focus again as it struggled and just failed to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
Personally when I was in a similar situation I sent the couple a card and a gift.
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack.
What are they trying to hide?
US Navy Jet Crashes into Apartment Block
Mali future interim president readies to take office
Romney wins Maine Republican caucuses
Mandela remembered by family, as stadium memorial service is planned
I have this habit as well.
'Kony 2012' director hospitalized
US Flying Surveillance Missions to Help Find Kidnapped Nigerian Girls
The security personnel performed ``well within standards'' and the two staff aides were ``very sorry all this happened,'' Gainer said.
One dead, 11 hurt in LA car chaos
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Refuses to Back Down
A monkey pulls the tail of a dog.
Before it was removed, the site listed in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
Indian-origin teacher dies after attack in New Zealand
A young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background.
Obama to meet families of shooting victims
A squirrel is moving in circles.
A kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game.
Of course there were no weapons.
A bull standing in the field.
An elegant pink dining room with wooden furniture.
My guess is that means your cat only marginally likes the food you're feeding him.
A Das Air Cargo plane sits on the runway.
Syria blames rebels for Houla massacre of over 100
A man and woman is walking in the grand.
People stand outside a bookstore.
It varies by the situation.
A baby holds a ketchup packet.
Women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children, Melbourne researchers believe.
In his letter, McBride charges the Free Software Foundation and Red Hat with trying to undermine U.S. copyright laws.
the official spoke on condition of anonymity.
Erdogan's party submits plan for Turkish presidency
There are two traditional ways to bend wood:
U.S. Senate set to vote on gun control bill
A few possible problems: 1) Such an ID system seems a little intrusive.
Pakistan begins demolition of bin Laden compound
Israel Launches Ground Offensive In Gaza
A woman is looking out a window.
South Africa president: Mandela is improving
Chinese shares close higher Tuesday
Since you're being kind of vague here, I can only give you a vague answer.
More factchecking: I don't know why anyone is making a fuss over the $, bet.
Do you have anything to make it more compelling?
Your schtick is getting stale.
Freed Pussy Riot pair stir up anti-Putin protests
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.
Microwave would be your best bet.
Someone is mixing ingrediants.
A girl plays a wind instrument.
South Korea Says North Fired Missiles
Morrill's wife, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law during the service.
A red sports car driving quickly on a track.
A society fraying at the edges
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring the NYSE's 27-member board and allotting more seats to investors outside the securities industry.
The woman is wearing red.
6 czech hospital employees are charged with human organ trafficking.
Joining Boston on Monday were the Massachusetts communities of Watertown, Saugus and Framingham.
"It's very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan," where there is a lack of expertise, says one banker.
Syria says troops have begun pullout – video
Tsunami warning after Canada quake
From personal experience I found that a pace setter to be incredibly helpful.
Venezuela mourns oil refinery blast deaths
Rupert Murdoch set for second day of grilling
A woman is applying cosmetics to her face.
A man riding on the back of an orange SUV.
Poll: Cory Booker takes early lead for N.J. Senate
Obama pledges to reignite economy
At 12 months, there was still a difference between the groups, but it was not considered significant.
Phoberomys' skeleton was unearthed 250 miles west of Caracas, Venezuela.
Rio airport workers strike on eve of FIFA World Cup
Ms Lafferty's lawyer, Thomas Ezzell, told a Kentucky newspaper: "My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen.
Someone fell off a horse.
the second proposal was that regional and international non-proliferation issues should be addressed through dialogue and negotiations.
Backstage Moves Intensify as Fight Against Islamic State Widens
Singapore stocks close 0.44 pct lower
Israel's Netanyahu set to call early vote
I like to think of multitasking as rapid task switching.
A man is cutting up a fish.
Messi nets 300th, 301st goals in Barcelona win
Pratt & Whitney had said that if it won the contract 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to European suppliers, with final assembly in Germany.
A dog sleeping under a table.
Lakers fire Mike Brown after 1-4 start
Two men sailing in a small sailboat.
Two black dogs walking through the snow.
Son of popular US evangelist Warren kills himself
Senate leaders appear close to US debt ceiling deal
slanted blogs And when did I do that?
Obamas to meet Mandela family wont visit hospital
Besides Hampton and Newport News, the grant funds water testing in Yorktown, King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
Turkish riot police enter Taksim Square
A black and wood colored dining room set in a small apartment.
A man and woman are eating at a table.
A cow is eating hay.
A dog splashing in the water.
88 percent of the liberal democratic party supports economic sanctions.
Search after man swept into sea
JetBlue pilot who caused disruption on flight not guilty
Antonio Monteiro de Castro, 58, currently director of the group’s Latin America & Caribbean operations, will become chief operating officer from the same date.
Hagel defends proposed cuts in defense spending
Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold.
As others have already mentioned, numbers are of course abstractions.
Titanic Violin Nabs Record $1.4 Million
"IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete" with fast-growing economies such as China and India, Barrett said.
five people standing on a sidewalk
Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.
Hurricane Sandy powers toward Eastern Seaboard
India says China agrees retreat to de facto border in faceoff deal
"I would rather be talking about positive numbers rather than negative.
Two boys are riding on a toy with a blonde girl running long side of them.
"I know of no pressure," said Mr. Feith, the under secretary of defense for policy.
Three boys are running.
The House has passed prescription-drug legislation in the last two sessions, but the Senate has failed to do so.
Israel Forces Kill 2 Palestinian Militants
A cat is walking around a house.
A small boy is playing with a dog.
China stocks open lower Friday
Iranian Delegation Heads to Lebanon, Syria
There is simply no winning for Obama among conservatives.
A girl doing a back bend at the beach.
Libyan militia takes control of Tripoli airport
US Hands Over Bagram Prison to Afghan Authorities
A young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house
Five dead in Pakistan suicide blast
'5 snowboarders killed in Colorado avalanche'
An elderly woman stands in a kitchen with two cats at her feet.
Do you see Hitler killing Jews?
Do you not understand what that string of words means?
He ran last year for the Democratic nomination for Texas governor, but lost the primary to multimillionaire Tony Sanchez.
Death toll in Nepal earthquake tops 8,000
If it's the Sunday night before Comdex, it must be time for yet another Bill Gates keynote.
Tan puppy lying down on white carpeting.
A women painting a chair with a dining room in the background.
A child is walking from one picnic table to another.
A man is carrying another man.
Two women are singing.
A black and white dog swims in blue water.
Therefore you are not a Christian.
No charges were announced, but the statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday.
A man is melting butter in a pan.
A woman with her child.
Two dogs play in a field.
A young female rider on a brown horse.
Tan cow with ear tags on a grassy field.
Baby talk, when used correctly is beneficial to speech development.
A woman slices a fish.
"This child was literally neglected to death," Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said.
National Constitution Center President Joseph Torsella was hit in the head and knocked to his knees.
A group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts.
Gov. Rick Perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion, he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission.
The Nasdaq fell about 1.3% for the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak.
"City-grown pollution, and ozone in particular, is tougher on country trees," says Cornell University ecologist Jillian Gregg.
Thousands of revellers, celebrating the decision, vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
There is actually functionality in most browsers already in place to do just this.
You have no need to do anything.
7 Things to Know About Ethanol
The Saint Sophia Camp hosts religious retreats for children during the summer months as well as other events year round, according to its Web site.
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents Monday morning at his home in New York.
Syrian forces move to retake Aleppo
Shinzo Abe Selected as Japan’s Prime Minister
Pope Benedict XVI Says Goodbye to Cardinals
The physical evidence does not support your claim.
Japan defends dolphin hunts after criticism from US
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Latest Anti-Muslim Violence in Burma Kills 1, Injures 10
A man is shooting off a gun.
Canada approves oil pipeline to the Pacific Coast
Easy Rider Actress Karen Black Dies Of Cancer
Boston bomb suspect charged; religious motive seen
The answer to your question is not really.
ICC jails Congolese warlord for 14 years over child soldiers
More than 100 injured in Texas plant blast
In the latest violence, insurgents threw a bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing one soldier.
A man on a boat getting ready to pull in his net to see what he caught.
I have few suggestions for you:
In July 32 Singaporean police officers were sent to Baghdad to help train Iraqi police forces and returned home last month.
A small bird eating from the feeder.
Iraq backs Egypt crackdown on Mohamed Morsi supporters
UN warns of plight of women, children in Syria's Homs
A yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask.
Somali MPs to elect new president
Agents confiscated several classified documents in his possession and interrogated him.
USDA Confirms Case of Mad Cow Disease in California
The bicyclists are crossing a bridge in the rain.
Smiling woman sitting wearing a viking hat.
'Iron Man' Jetpacks Spark Concerns
A man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse.
The department's stance disappointed some abortion opponents, and it threatens to alienate social conservatives who have provided strong political support for Ashcroft and President Bush.
Left side of a silver train engine.
Paul doesn't have a shot.
Murray wins Wimbledon title ends Britains 77year agony
Black train idle on the tracks.
A man slaps a woman.
How long after the obliteration should the kid return to school?
Jurors find Jodi Arias eligible for death penalty
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat Colorado 3-2 on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
the panamanian foreign ministry communique stated that the task force will facilitate the technological transfer and promote the biofuel production and consumption.
withdrawal from the conventional forces in europe treaty would allow russia to bolster forces near russian borders.
On July 22, Moore announced he would appeal the case directly to the U.S. Supreme Court.
A smiling Caucasian male wearing a blue and black striped shirt it about to take a photograph.
Four dead in Indonesia train accident
Also as part of the deal, PalmSource stock will begin trading on the NASDAQ stock market Wednesday under the ticker symbol: PSRC.
6 killed in Afghan capital mosque attack
Yes, you should stretch before running, but not the sit down and reach kind of stretching.
A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball.
Manning Sentenced to 35 Years for Leaking Government Secrets
Other countries are owed at least $US80 billion ($108.52 billion).
World powers seek rare progress in Iran nuclear talks
Italy soldiers die in Afghanistan
Mumbai is 2nd costliest Indian city to live in
A young woman is playing a guitar.
the 5 permanent united nations security council members are britain, china, france, russia and the united states.
Inflation falls to 15-month low
A man is dancing on the ceiling.
Liquid ammonia leak kills at least 15 in Shanghai
Mumbai photojournalist gangrape case cracked, five accused arrested
On 50th anniversary of JFK death, Dallas holds its first memorial
10 Things to Know for Wednesday
Blond woman in a tunnel.
Assad says mercenaries are behind Syria unrest
Global progress seen in ending death penalty
A lion is trying to climb up over a wall.
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.
7.3 magnitude earthquake strikes Nepal
Syria army continues mop-up operations near Damascus
A person is holding a skunk.
During the same quarter last year, EDS declared a profit of $354 million, or 72 cents per share.
Ten rockets from Gaza land in southern Israel; none hurt
Japan PM calls for quicker tsunami waste processing
100 killed in new Darfur tribal clashes
Train pulling into a station.
The woman is slicing a tomato.
Central African Republic president overthrown by rebels
A person is blow torching cameras.
Egyptian president moves into Mubarak's old office
The girl with the blue bucket splashes beneath the pier.
She told the inquiry that her husband had received assurances from his line manager and senior ministry officials that when he came forward his name would not be made public.
'Life-Threatening' Storms Feared for Midwest
A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera.
The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer, Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general.
From 1993 to 2002, there were 142 reported sexual assaults at the academy.
Yes, the receiver needs to wait until the ball touches his playing area, otherwise it counts as being obstructed.
Iraqi officials: 50 bodies found south of Baghdad
A woman is painting the face of a man.
The Standard Edition One is a single processor version of the Oracle Standard Edition Database.
"Being against using nukes" means "not wanting to use nukes".
A girl is singing on stage.
Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 15.66 to 1,046.79, its best advance since Oct. 1, when it gained 22.25.
Afghan parliament approves U.S. partnership
Chavez said investigators feel confident they've got "at least one of the fires resolved in that regard."
A man is exercising.
A woman is cutting tofu.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 9.69 points, or 0.98 percent, at 994.53.
Halabi's military attorney, Air Force Maj. James Key, denied the charges, which could carry a death penalty.
Two men standing on beach.
Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91.
Britain included the accusation in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for war in Iraq.
the north korean government has warned the south korean government against participating in the proliferation security initiative program.
A young woman is riding a Bay hose in a dirt riding-ring.
So it's important to have a basic understanding before you even get on skis.
Two dogs swim in a pool.
A woman is playing a game with a man.
A person is frying meat in a pan.
A girl runs along a river bank with two black dogs.
Fartlek is not more effective than any proper interval training - just more fun!
Russia Preparing Counterproposals Over Ukraine
Syrians hold solution to Syria crisis
She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until her death.
People exploited the laws.
Every language is permeated by the cultural values in which it is immersed.
A boy rode his bike on top of a metal fence.
When studying adult IQ, general adult norms are often used.
Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 359
Washington pot shops prepare for historic sales
You mean, you believe the word of the Mainstream Media?
Palestinians: 2 Gaza militants killed in Israeli airstrike on coastal strip
A toy train strikes a toy car.
A boy is walking across a bridge.
Saudi Women Allowed To Compete At Olympics
A black dog is swimming with a ball in it's mouth.
USA expels Venezuela diplomats in row
Russia evacuates embassy in Libya after attack
Syrian fighter pilot defects to Jordan
Strong earthquake in western China kills at least 75
61 dead in Ivory Coast stampede
goff stated that this presents a major threat to global security.
But skeptics are concerned about the ease at which these hardware-based security features could be used to set digital rights management policies by vendors.
A dog and a red ball in the air.
Two are trapped as US building collapses
the united states government and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty until officials in moscow withdraw troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia.
Housing starts up 6.8% in May
Two dogs running down a path in the woods.
A scantily clad woman standing next to a small red vehicle.
Cusco: High: 70F Low: 40F This is just before the rainy season (Dec-Mar) and crowds are general less.
two dogs running on the beach
A black faced sheep.
The man is sitting with a little girl in the park.
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.
It will cost about $20,000 per average course of treatment -16 to 17 weeks.
Two tan dogs play in the snow.
Protests at Pussy Riot verdict
Graves reported from Albuquerque, Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo.
Taiwan rattled by strong earthquake
He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.
A man is crushing garlic with the back of a knife.
Amazon's shares yesterday closed at $54.32 on the Nasdaq Stock Market, up 29 cents.
Dozens dead in Taliban resort attack
The consumer-confidence index came in at 83.5 in June, down slightly from a revised 83.6 in May, the Conference Board said.
In a not-too-subtle swipe at Dean, he predicted Americans would not elect a Democrat "who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."
A monkey is fighting a man.
He said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
US to destroy Syria chemical weapon stockpile at sea
Messagelabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, has labeled the worm "high risk" and reports more than 31,000 infections in 120 countries.
Not as irritated as you.
Boeing's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines.
A man is draining pasta.
Russia Warns It May Not Sign Landmark UN Arms Treaty
Saudi Man Traveling With Pressure Cooker Arrested
Singapore stocks end up 0.37 pct
The woman is eating.
Can you do this?
A man is playing an electric guitar.
The new study does not support your claim.
Egypt's Coptic Pope Shenuda III dies
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on April 5
Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.
Kansas Department of Health and Environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year.
Sectarian clashes rock Lebanese city of Tripoli
A tan calf with a yellow tag on his left ear looking at the camera.
US Air Force helicopter crew killed in British crash
Moderate earthquake hits southern Pakistan
A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street.
Goa first step in Modis march to Delhi
A Victory Liner bus is white with red and gold stripes.
Afghan president delays signing US deal
A black dog standing in a grassy area.
The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday.
iraq's new leaders have been lobbying for the united nations security council to stop using the iraq's oil revenue to pay the salaries of the inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation's oil-for-food account transferred to the iraqi government.
Chinese president arrives in Netherlands for state visit, nuclear summit
Dominus, plural Domini, in ancient Rome, “master,” or “owner,” particularly of slaves.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.
The science behind superheroes might shed some light on this topic.
A solenodon is walking along the ground.
International rescue workers are scouring flattened debris for survivors in Iran's shattered ancient Silk Road city of Bam after a violent earthquake killed more than 20,000 people.
A woman is dancing with other women.
A person is cutting a meat.
At least 12 dead in Washington ...
Apple iPad mini makes debut
Someone is boiling okra in a pot.
Three guys playing a pro game of basketball.
The union said it would reveal later which chain would be targeted.
The man sprinkled cheese on the pizza.
a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop
People on motorcycles ride around a racetrack
Mann's work and the HS was all about Tree rings.
"I do not wish to be present during this witness," he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami.
Romney picks Ryan as vice presidential running mate: source
Destruction of Syria's Chemical Weapons Could Prove Difficult
That compares with January 2000, when laptops represented less than 25 percent of sales volume, NPD said.
Russian roulette in Syria
A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.
A spokesman said: "Since November, we have co-operated fully with the police.
the part of the purpose of the united states plan is to increase pressure on north korea.
It's about the baggage attached.
A man and a woman standing on a city street.
A man in a hat sings a song.
A blue and orange airplane flying with its landing gear down.
India anti-graft party takes charge in New Delhi
A man plays a guitar.
Not much you can do besides:
While some other parts of Africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group, Malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-Qaida.
Taliban prison break: 250 militants escape after attack on Pakistan jail
A man is singing and playing the guitar.
The woman has a orange shirt.
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.
A boy and a girl is dancing in the rain.
go figure You're asking me to prove a negative?
A man dives into a pool.
A women holds a small dog on a leash with chairs in the background.
AOL says to sell 800 patents to Microsoft for $1.0 bn
Rock bands' plane makes emergency landing in Ill.
Roadside bomb kills 3 policemen in southern Afghanistan
US drone strike kills seven in North Waziristan
Death Toll in Bangladesh Collapse at 194
Navistar shares rose a penny to $41.64 at late afternoon on the New York Stock Exchange after earlier falling as low as $39.93.
Some men are playing guitars.
A man is adding oil to a pot.
Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike
Looks like you've rediscovered Jaspers's concept of the Axial Age.
SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5,200.
In connection with the incident, I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately."
A cat is playing with a watermelon.
Q: Can I buy coverage for prescription drugs right away?
Doha gas blast kills 12, injures dozens
A man in a white shirt and hat playing a guitar.
Iran hardliners attack nuclear deal
Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.
Rescuers scour debris after India buildings collapse
So, I am dropping, for now, asking you the question: " Where ' s the Marx " ?
You should put scientists on a pedestal.
Turkey president appeals for calm
A man is playing two pianos.
George Zimmerman 'to be charged' with killing Trayvon Martin
Young boys running along the pavement.
Fourteen killed in Brazil bus accident
China to investigate EU wine exports
Two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a green colored crocodile float.
There are dogs in the forest.
Kernan, who was O'Bannon's lieutenant governor, friend and political partner, was sworn in six hours after O'Bannon died Saturday.
Libya threatens army action against oil protesters
MSNBC.com first reported the CIA request on Friday.
during armed clashes in southeastern iran police seized nearly 5 metric tons (5.5 tons) of opium and morphine.
Assad says Syria will comply with UN arms resolution
N. Korea agrees to talks with South
The man is playing a guitar.
Two cats are close together inside and black and white furry enclosure.
The woman is putting paste into a dish.
The firm had predicted earlier this year a 4.9 percent increase.
A little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide.
A soldier walks a dog.
Obama set to speak on Syria from White House at 1:15 p.m. EDT
A girl in a black desktop holds up an open box of Corn Flakes and a carton of milk.
A bald man touches the nose of a black horse on the other side of a fence.
A woman is laying down on the floor and holding a baby up above her.
A man is cooking.
There are a couple of options that you could consider:
A brown and white cow standing in a grassy area with trees behind.
Knight agreed to a two-year, $2.38 million contract that included a $300,000 signing bonus.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> gained 18.35 points, or 1.13 percent, to 1,646.02.
It is the nation's first large-scale counterterrorism exercise since the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
The kids are at the theater watching a movie.
Rupert Murdoch: I was the victim of a cover up
A jockey rides a horse at a gallop.
A man is cutting a boot with a sword.
The other victim, Michael Walker, of 550 Barbey Street, was struck in the neck.
Russ Britt is the Los Angeles Bureau Chief for CBS.MarketWatch.com.
the u.s., other western nations and nato demanded a cease-fire.
Iran's parliament questions President Ahmadinejad
Twin quakes kill 89 in China
Ride operator charged in N.C. fair accident
This is a hospital that treats everybody as people, and if we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism."
A man is dancing in the street.
The monkey is hanging from the trees.
A black poodle plays in the snow.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points, or 0.86 percent, to 9,117.12 on Friday.
Two males, one in red and one in white playing a basketball game.
Eric Gagne earned his 17th save in as many opportunities as he struck out three in the ninth and allowed only an infield single by Greg Norton.
PURE COMMUNISM: You have two cows.
I think Stephen King's comments are helpful in this regard.
china is north korea's closest ally.
A close-up of a brown horse.
A women and small child sitting at a dinner table smiling at the camera.
The judge scheduled another oversight hearing for late January.
British Soldier Killed In Afghanistan
A white dog running on the beach.
A man practices boxing
A smiling woman with a beer sitting outside with another smiling woman.
A man is standing in front of the window and looking outside.
Yahoo! to name Google's Mayer as CEO: report
Turkey scrambles jets to Syrian border
Adding aspirin to the water could kill the plant.
Two dogs run through the snow, one with a tennis ball.
Sony to axe PC unit in major business overhaul
A man is playing a guitar and singing on a stage.
Shares of Fox Entertainment Group Inc., News Corp.'s U.S. media and entertainment arm, fell 45 cents to $26.85 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
I can think of three reasons why a faculty member might reveal how a student performed on a qualifying examination.
the vietnam news agency reported that the ministry of public security stated that foreigners involved in drug trafficking cases in vietnam came mostly from laos, cambodia, australia, china, the united states and taiwan.
Philippines and rebels reach 'wealth deal'
You might not like the positions he holds, but atleast he has them.
Modern Englishes, and many other well-known languages, use base 10 (ie decimal) systems of numerals.
Two dead, 7 injured in Finland shooting
Black and white cow standing in grassy field.
There is a very full description of the various types of hormone rooting compound here.
A video clip of Rihanna leaving a taxi.
A dog is being squirted with a hose as it jumps into a paddling pool.
The Bombardier and Embraer aircraft will be delivered to U.S. Airways by September 2006.
According to canon, Leia was an expert in combat, especially shooting (this is from EU books).
I said it wasn't a person, in the legal sense.
Maldives president quits after police mutiny, protests
Syrian forces, rebels clash near Turkey
6.6 quake rocks Indonesia's Papua: US Geological Survey
Shares in BA were down three percent at 165-1/4 pence by 0933 GMT, off a low of 164 pence, in a stronger market.
Train going down the tracks.
A woman is putting oil into a skillet.
S. Korean president 'sorry' for ferry disaster
You should do it.
The children are running in the snow with fences in the background.
Susan G Komen in U-turn over Planned Parenthood funding cut
A dog is standing in the sand.
Lawmakers from both sides express outrage at Secret Service
A group of people are in the water.
A lamb stands near two tiny animals.
a man wearing a gray hat fishing out of a fishing boat.
Clinton calls for friends of Syria to unite
The damages included $24 million in compensatory damages and $52 million in punitive damages for IDJ.
I've been happy with the iRobot Roomba for floor cleaning.
A woman peels an apple.
The heatwave was due to a mass of hot, dry air from the southeast, said Mario Almeida of Portugal's weather service.
A group of penguins is walking.
US military officials say rotor wash from the helicopter might have blown down the banner.
Legislation that would change state takeover law and help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a $1-billion takeover won committee approval Tuesday.
The report ranked 45 large companies based on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
There is a cook preparing food.
"Tony's not feeling well," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.
But church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some Episcopalians who believe the Bible prohibits homosexuality.
At 11 a.m. EDT, Fabian's center was near latitude 18.1 north and longitude 53.2 west, or about 550 miles east of the Leewards.
On Monday, China said nine more people had died from SARS and that 160 more were infected with the virus.
The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like "Thank You!" and "Re: Details".
A boy climbs a forest hill.
A woman is putting on makeup.
A black and white photo of an old wooden fence near a dirty street.
A white dog running through the snow
The theme song to Cheers: We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
China welcomes US, Russia deal on Syria chemical weapons
In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.3 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 declined 0.2 percent and Germany's DAX index gained 0.6 percent.
A man making balloon animals for two children on a street corner.
Playing doctor is something all kids want to try at some point.
A red double decker bus on a crowded street.
This northern autumn US trainers will work with soldiers from four North African countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence.
Russia, Ukraine foiled plot to kill Putin, report says
He will be paid $395,000 per year, up from Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.
Iran Moderate Wins Presidency by a Large Margin
I'm thinking it's a bad idea.
according to court documents -- on 25 july australian television reporter peter lloyd faced 3 new drug charges in singapore.
Young baby girl sitting on table.
Two women mix something in a food processor.
Some cyclists stop near a sign.
Pakistan Denounces Latest Drone Attack
A person is driving a car.
Senate confirms Janet Yellen as chair of US Federal Reserve
Mursi takes oath of office, becomes Egyptian president
activists have stated that russia is imprisoning people without evidence of illegal activity.
A person is slicing a carrot into pieces.
A man sitting in a cluttered room.
a young girl smiling with her head upside down
Suicide bomb kills 4 in Syrian capital's Old City
California governor declares drought emergency
India Ink: Image of the Day: January 27
Italian parliament backs new PM
The brown dog is resting his head on a white pillow.
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the town and the short hearing involving the five-time All-Star was carried live on national cable networks.
The brown dog is running across the sand.
There are four snowboarders going off a jump and that are in the air.
British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames River.
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed.
The woman had brown hair.
US spends $50m on carp invasion
Dali painting stolen from gallery
Accessibility is determined by the axioms of the modal logic you're working within.
Ten people riding ATVs.
Strong new quake hits shattered Pak region
Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, Shiites 20 percent.
A passer-by found the boy hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m. Thursday, with his feet free but his hands still taped.
Such was the case Thursday night when the Cleveland Cavaliers won the "LeBron James Lottery," otherwise known as the NBA draft lottery.
North Korea Postpones Family Reunions with South
Several swimmers jump into the water.
An older man is standing outside in front of a truck.
Do you understand why non-US residents are also relevant to the statistics?
The jurors were taken into the courtroom in groups of 40 and asked to fill out a questionnaire.
A woman is cooking meat.
The soccer player gave the ball a high kick.
US, Russia enter third day of Syria talks
The man is short hair.
A black dog running through the snow.
Is it possible his home was affected and the school was not?
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite .IXIC rallied 30.46 points, or 2.04 percent, to 1,520.15.
Iran (Islamic Republic of): Iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227
World sends emergency relief to battered Philippines
The SIA says the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $22.5 billion in 2004.
Two French journalists killed in Mali
How much is spent on abortions services?
Mali's President Formally Resigns
A black dog walking beside a pool.
A smiling woman holding a small baby.
Iran upbeat on 'useful' expert-level nuke talks
Turkish riot police tear gas Taksim Square protest
Five dead, 40 missing in Canada train disaster
Most powerful typhoon of 2013 hits the Philippines
Georgian PM's ally to become president - exit poll
Someone is pouring chicken broth into a pot.
The indictment said he attended important meetings to plan the attacks, recruited fellow bombers and coordinated the operation.
britain provides fuel tanks and gearboxes.
A man is doing a wheelie on his motorcycle.
The central bank's policy board left rates steady for now, as widely expected, but surprised the market by declaring that overall risks were weighted toward weakness.
hong kong universities have collaborated with tertiary education, business and government sectors of mainland china to direct training programs and research centers to promote research commercialization and technology transfer.
You can buy it on ebay for $25 and up.
Only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926.
Two dogs sit on a couch with many stuffed animals.
Five dead as Indonesia train collides with fuel truck
EU heaps new sanctions on Syria
One man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike.
Headlines in several Iranian newspapers on Oct 19
No problem if Mulayam forms Third Front: Congress
Egypt launches new assault against Sinai militants
there is much work to be done.
You also imply you may not be paid if they cannot place you with a client.
"We think it's great news," said Enron spokesman Eric Thode.
I'm going to shout for justice for Trayvon.
A man is straining pasta.
Starting with a whole chilled piece of meat, I quickly pour boiling water over all the outside surface.
The woman is kneeling next to a cat.
A young girl holds up a peace sign.
Syria opposition agrees to talks
US Government Shutdown: Obama tells Republicans to lift threat to US economy if they want talks
6.0-magnitude quake hits northern Italy: USGS
"The petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives."
Thieves steal Channel swimmer's wheelchair
This is not your country.
The company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned.
WorldCom's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in July, 2002.
The woman is measuring the other woman.
A man is walking down a sidewalk.
Train gliding on tracks.
the cfe limits the use of armed forces and heavy weaponry and prescribes measures aimed at confidence-building, transparency and cooperation between member states.
Pakistan condemns US drone strike in Miranshah
Red-shirt leader calls not to oppose army
The brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.
FTSE Bursa Malaysia update: 11.30am
"These are dark days for our industry," the Geneva-based International Air Transport Association's Director-General Giovanni Bisignani said.
I'm afraid we are out of luck in this one.
Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
A man in a white shirt and blue pants is talking with a woman in a pink shirt.
South Africa's Mandela taken to hospital
Asian markets mixed on China trade data
Over 70 dead in Spanish high-speed train crash
Taliban kill 15 police in west Afghanistan
A close-up of a brown horse's head.
A harnessed dog leaps over a log as another dog follows behind.
50 survivors found in Bangladesh factory
The index, which measures activity in the service sector, climbed to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in March.
A woman is making noodles.
Two people paddling in a red canoe with trees in the background.
A white bus with water and a barge in the background.
A man and woman sitting on a motorcycle.
Some dogs running through the park.
An elderly woman is pouring oil into a frying pan.
Yes, you can add coffee grounds with their filters to your compost pile.
Bond bulls would like the Fed to recognize that risks are biased toward economic weakness.
A 25 percent increase would raise undergraduate tuition to about $5,247 annually, including miscellaneous, campus-based fees.
A cat looking out of a window.
6.0-magnitude quake hits Greece -- USGS
A dog sitting on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.
A musician is smearing jam on his white guitar at a concert.
A kitten is eating its food from a plate.
Obama and Romney focus on swing-states
The Skagit was expected to crest during the night at 38 feet at Mount Vernon, 10 feet above flood stage, the National Weather Service said.
A child is stuck in a dog house.
A black and white photo of a man driving a car and someone with a motorcycle.
U.S. concerns grow about Syria's chemical weapons
- Income, top rate:  percent.
"We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place," declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).
"We continue to work with the Saudis on this, but they did not, as of the time of this tragic event, provide the additional security we requested."
Mexico swears in president amid violent protests
Stars rotate due to the angular momentum of the gas they formed from.
capital offences in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery.
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges drew the speech to an early close.
The audiotape aired last week by the Arab Al-Jazeera television network appears to be an effort to incite attacks.
Palestinian diplomat injured in explosion in Prague
A woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck.
Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11am, and that one of the compound's outer walls had collapsed.
A man is playing on a guitar and singing.
The Pentagon had hoped to retain control of the postwar effort, so the decision is a victory for Secretary of State Colin L. Powell.
Perry said he backs the Senate's efforts, including the fines, to force the Democrats to return.
Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth".
Whatever you do, don't bite him back to show him that it hurts.
Syrian opposition offers Assad's forces truce for duration of Ramadan
A cruise ship docked at shore.
A man is dicing an onion.
A woman is slicing some leaves.
Earthquake of 6.9 magnitude strikes off Indonesia island
Five charged with terrorism offences
Russia finds dead lawyer Magnitsky guilty in posthumous trial
Iraq army claims victory in Tikrit
switzerland's trade and diplomatic relations with the islamic republic have been criticized in recent months after foreign minister micheline calmy-rey traveled to tehran in march 2008 to sign a gas deal.
a close up of a small cactus in a pot.
7 dead in Christian school shooting
A man is lifting himself.
A bald man with a red beard holds his hand near his mouth.
No it is not.
the man used a stenograph.
A young girl riding a brown horse.
Bulger's brother, a former FBI informant, is now on the law enforcement agency's "10 Most Wanted" list.
CELF's founding members are Hitachi, Matsushita, NEC, Philips, Samsung, Sharp, Sony, and Toshiba.
"It is safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap," King said.
A black and white cow in a pen with hay.
iguaran stated that the detainees will be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnappings and the funding of terrorism.
Discipline against student thought to be key to motive
More French soldiers to Central African Republic
many of the attacks originated abroad.
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) to report earnings after the close.
A dog jumping into a swimming pool.
American Chris Horner wins Tour of Spain
Jamaican connection in Liverpool's win
Three men are doing same dance in the street.
A young boy in a white dress shirt is playing on a grassy plain.
methamphetamine is also known as ice.
Satan represents indulgence instead of abstinence!
A close-up picture of a desk with a computer and papers on it.
A man is putting broccoli into water.
Imagine a place with % men and % women.
How would the extra premiums be collected?
Cisco has similar relationships with BellSouth competitors SBC Communications, AT&T and Sprint Communications.
a dog napping under a small table.
A woman is slicing a tomato.
I visit AZ every summer and include some hikes in the desert when I'm there.
"These changes may affect a large number of existing Web pages," the statement continued.
"The future of BA is in the hands of the negotiators," Eddington told British Broadcasting Corp. television on Sunday.
Shares of Guidant were down 5.3 percent at $40.92 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
Myanmar announces release of prisoners
They don't taste identical at all, and even more important, they don't smell the same.
My answer would be depending on which GRE are you referring to?
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and the spending limits that come with it and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.
People sitting on acouch.
I think it depends very much on the area.
Nirvana is very different than oblivion.
fulvio berghella stated that the digital worm named sq hell has a very high capacity to replicate itself and the digital worm named sq hell is slowing down the poste italiane computer network and making some computers inoperable.
There's also what the string is made of.
It's true that, under one understanding of "accessibility" and "determining", your accessibility relation is determined by your axioms.
DPRK leader calls for better ties with S.Korea
There's no rule that decides which players can be picked for bowling/batting in the Super Over.
Tehran: EU sanctions won't force Iran into nuclear talks
Cardinals enter Vatican for historic vote
A bird holding on to a metal gate.
Islamic State posts second propaganda video of UK hostage
A woman is preparing shrimp to cook.
Woman dies after abortion refusal
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week's actions.
Israel confirms strike on Syria targeted weapons
Barrick in talks with China firm over African assets
One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air.
The bird has its wings spread as it flies.
A man with long hair is looking through a camera.
Neither OLAF nor the Belgian prosecutors have specified if it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
The Human Element You could sign Lance Berkman at the end of the year I guess?
"The grass family is one of the most widely distributed and abundant groups of plants on Earth.
Closed roads in Armenia
Bangladesh Islamist execution upheld
It's so stupid that it just has to be true.
The boy is jumping into a lake.
You could defer admission, but it's a little unusual to defer for a year.
Israeli minister wants Palestinian leader's ouster
It's not a good idea.
AirTran officials and a Boeing official declined to comment yesterday.
What time is Andy Murray v Roger Federer in the Wimbledon men's final? All you need to know about the big game
Two Palestinians Killed in an Israeli Air Strike on Gaza
Glasgow helicopter death toll rises to nine
elbaradei states that a middle east peace deal can only be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region.
It's imposing a law.
A woman is grating onion.
The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in it's mouth.
Burma's Aung San Suu Kyi to address parliament on June visit
US House Republicans eye reluctant Ryan for speaker
The men are trying to make some money.
Margaret Thatcher dies after stroke
Professor Burkhauser has done extensive research on who is hurt by higher minimum wages.
and morals and honesty have everything to do with it.
Four U.S. Air Force helicopter crew members killed in UK crash
They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft, Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement.
In Abu Dhabi the Golden Market is one of the premier public outdoor shopping areas.
A man walking a large black horse.
Two men are playing chess.
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.
if you could kill one person to save four, would you?
A man is playing a large flute.
A gorilla is playing the drums.
A woman is slicing broccoli.
A black and brown dog runs through the woods.
Gang violence kills 16 in Venezuelan prison
myanmar is a military state.
A person sitting in an office takes a picture.
I had this problem before.
An old guy is working on his farm and a cow kicks him.
A man in a blue shirt and tan pants is standing in front of a statue of a man, which is in a cobble stone paved plaza.
A wet dog runs through the yellow grass holding a tennis ball.
two big brown dogs running through the snow.
Romney pledges to 'stand with Israel' on Iran threat
The lamb is looking at the camera.
A person throws a cat in the air and it grabs onto the ceiling.
A man dances on a colorful wall.
A female tennis player is leaping into the air to hit the ball.
Australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy.
A baby is playing with a doll.
A person opening a banana.
Black and brown dog runs through field.
four people walk toward a tower
We only used Fartlek as a fitness measurement, and as a bit of fun.
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $6.88 on the Nasdaq stock market.
"I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to California," Schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional Republicans.
Second-quarter sales grew 7 percent, to $645 million from $600 million in 2002.
A man is reading an email.
The ideology was built around violent expansion and race superiority.
AFTRA, on the other hand, approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent.
Both devices implement the v1.2 standard's eSCO facility to provide the basis for new cordless telephony applications.
A woman is peeling some fish.
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.
The great thing about living here is there's space.
60 killed in Nigeria cattle market attack
during the clash 7 seven police officers were killed and 4 seriously wounded.
Asian Markets up on Strong US Jobs Data
Pope rips into dissident priests on celibacy
Netgear prices the WGT634U Super Wireless Media Router, which will be available in the first quarter of 2004, at under $200.
Appellate courts across the country have issued differing rulings on the issue, allowing public displays of the Ten Commandments in some cases and banning them in others.
Yes, there is a chemical difference.
A brown dog running through the woods.
CYCLONE FORMATION IS NOT EXPECTED DURING THE NEXT  HOURS.
Biden calls for trust in building ‘new relationship’ with China
"Leaving aside attorney fees, we're dealing with bragging rights of who wins and who loses," said Gammerman.
A passenger train sits in the station.
You are right on the mark.
A sheep standing on a table at auction.
Side note first: I don't think that physicists always agree on their theories and predictions.
Police: 19 hurt in NOLA Mother's Day shooting
The minimal change needed to avoid disconcerting alliteration is to just call it a "simple example service".
Two-state solution between Palestinians, Israel pie in sky
A green and white cargo plane taking of from an airport.
The head of a child with dark glasses is in focus.
Mauritanian president shot by army unit
north korea should not act further to aggravate the situation.
A child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball.
A classroom of students watching a presentation.
Ukraine: Three Killed In Parliament Protests
SARS went on to claim the lives of 44 people in the Toronto area, including two nurses and a doctor.
A man walks two dogs in the city.
China stocks close lower on Friday
Boeing airliner crashes in Russia, 50 killed
Razali Ismail met for 90 minutes with Suu Kyi, a 1991 winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, at her lakeside home, where she is under house arrest.
Russian Prime Minister On Second Day Of Crimea Visit
Two little girls in pink are dancing.
A red bird is perched in a tree.
Obama Secret Service agents sent home
But Lawtey is the first entire prison to take that path.
US stocks retreat on manufacturing data
Show her how much fun splashing is - that's what we did, and made a game of it.
As soon as possible.
A small white dog climbs over a log.
Another said its members would continue to call the more than 50 million phone numbers on the Federal Trade Commission's list.
Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.
First man on moon Neil Armstrong dies at 82
A man is delivering a lecture at an event celebrating the game of cricket.
Blast on Indian train kills one
A man is giving a woman a massage.
An okapi is eating from a tree.
A woman is slicing lemons.
In CNN's latest move to rejuvenate ratings, the network has ousted Teya Ryan, general manager of U.S. programming.
Arsenal 0-0 Chelsea: Match report, pictures & video highlights
A close up view of a bottle of water.
Officer injured in India anti-rape protests dies
I'm so sorry, Kelly.
One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.
The man is playing with a skull.
"It's a wonder that Porchia was the only deceased in this case," Sax added.
US drone strike kills at least ten in Pakistan
@Frank Apisa, What you want to call it is up to you.
A dog is driving a car.
Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am.
A woman is cracking an egg into a bowl.
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.
A woman is talking to her pet bunny as she fondles it.
Men are trying to remove oil from a body of water.
At least 5 killed in sectarian conflict in north Yemen
Obama is extreme and leftwing.
A black dog running in the snow.
Obama holds talks over Syria action
Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., said he wanted to congratulate the FDA.
Mel Gibson's passion-stirring Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" will open in the United States on Feb. 25 - Ash Wednesday on the Roman Catholic calendar.
AOL to sell 800 patents to Microsoft for $1 billion
"If you pass this bill," Rep. John Mabry Jr., D-Waco, told colleagues, "Big Brother will be watching you."
Budget negotiations between the mayor and the City Council are entering high gear.
A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
A guy is playing a trumpet.
If you haven't, you should.
A soccer player is kicking the ball.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 13.73 points, or 0.81 percent, to finish at 1,700.34.
Pro-choice people do not try to force an abortion on anyone.
Britain savors golden night on track
A shirtless man is sitting on a chair.
Russia claims to have foiled possible terror act
Egyptian protesters issue Morsi resignation ultimatum
A man and woman are driving down the street in a jeep.
A young woman leans over her plate at a meal.
A bike is next to a couple women.
On Tuesday, the central bank left interest rates steady, as expected, but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks.
A woman is playing an acoustic guitar and singing.
Two Asian men are gathering materials for their business and their child had to come with them.
British Red Cross doctor kidnapped in Pakistan found beheaded
United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets.
Shares of BioReliance sold at $47.98 at the close of market yesterday, down 2 cents.
Passengers were evacuated smoothly, although they were not told what was going on, he said.
A man is lifting weights.
A man and woman are driving down the road in an open air vehicle.
A small dog runs through an obstacle course.
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under certain conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
Six kids are going swimming.
Ferrets climb down from a shelf.
A small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree.
Redford touts Alberta economy ahead of vote on leadership
Two girls are running.
North Korea's Kim hails execution of powerful uncle
I think we all agree on the nature of the change.
God probably does not exist.
Both of our children slept in a portable pen for at least their first year, and there were no problems.
Who does it now only produce enough for  billion?
The bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn't be prosecuted.
The Note's Must-Reads for Friday, July 12, 2013
Israel called to account over latest settlement plans by European countries
Two black dogs playing in the grass.
A man drills wood.
I hope everything is okay.
The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29.
A young boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
A young woman, topless except for paint or mud.
Obama to meet with Mandela family
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.3 per cent at 9,886.75, while the Nasdaq Composite index was 0.4 per cent higher at 1,986.97.
An officer is talking to recruits.
Klarman was charged with 16 counts of wire fraud.
Oscar Pistorius 'shot Steenkamp in bathroom'
The man is riding the horse.
A young child slides down an orange slide.
A panda slides down a slide.
A brown dog is laying in the snow.
Shares of Littleton, Colorado-based EchoStar rose $1.63, or 5.3 percent, to $32.26 at 10:55 a.m.
British gold rush silences gripes over cost
Mufti : conspiracy aginst Syria targets its stances, particularly towards Palestine
Gusmao powers on in East Timor
A black and tan dog standing in a field near trees
A girls is jumping in the sand.
A hedgehog is biting at a blanket.
A woman is cutting big pepper.
The elephants sprayed water on themselves.
A person is playing basketball on a team.
Someone pours olive oil into a bowl of tomato wedges.
The vulnerability exists in the way Microsoft's Visual Basic for Applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened.
A cat is crawling upside down under the couch.
World unites for Mandela memorial
Red sports car on top of white semi truck.
A cat is playing with a camera.
Queen names giant aircraft carrier
I hope this is nothing.
Someone is slicing a onion.
EU foreign ministers to discuss Syria arms embargo
A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.
The three children are standing on and by a fence.
the plant will be constructed next to an existing plant and is projected to be operational in 7 years.
The agency has yet to fully formulate a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority.
A man is singing.
A man is holding a leaf.
Others have made some good suggestions about how to neutralize the odors in the area.
'Judge at polls directs voters on Egypt constitution vote'
What's my opinion regarding the series?
The man ran and jumped against the wall.
The center's president, Joseph Torsella, was struck on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance.
Turkish search ends as last missing miners found
Libya: UN orders investigation into Libya rights abuses
Anti-American Protests Over Film Expand to Nearly 20 Countries
Complaints in Russian election mount
Three people racing on ice skates.
The best way I have found is to soak the ears in husk for several hours before grilling.
Her birthday, 21 April, was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball.
A man wearing a white shirt and red and black shorts is running on the sidewalk.
Two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera.
Two brown dogs running together on sand
CPAC 2012: Mitt Romney Struggles to Connect with Conservative Base
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday.
A cook is making food.
Two dogs are playing in the snow.
Sniper waiting for result of appeal
Algeria Mounts Military Operation to Rescue Al Qaeda Hostages
A woman is washing a bowl.
Palestinian arrested for sexually harassing young girls
UK confirms fears over Syria's chemical weapons
A man is screwing wood to a wall.
This is a great one...
Kadyrov was not injured, but four of his bodyguards were among those killed.
US drone strike kills 10 in Pakistan
California wildfire: 1,900 on the lines as firefighters labor to limit damage (+video)
The man added seasoning to water in a bowl.
5 aid workers freed in operation in Afghanistan
Putin Declares Victory In Russian Presidential Vote
A woman is doing a joker make up on a man.
A black and white photo of a cow walking under a tree in a field.
China on high alert for typhoon Kalmaegi
Greece concerns drag on Asia markets
A man is putting meat in a pan.
Denver shooting: Police to detonate devices in suspect's home
A softball player swinging at a pitch.
Why Cyprus backs Cameron's push for UK air strikes in Syria
A man is peeling a banana.
The epidemic began in November in the mainland's Guangdong province, but the People's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
Man killed in French terror raid
Am I allowed to beat the drum for Scrivener again?
Asiana Air Boeing 777 crash lands at San Francisco airport
South African police arrest 50 in farm protest
Israel agrees to 12 hour ceasefire
A woman is peeling shrimp.
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said.
Wall Street Opens Lower
Indian troops kill militant commander in Indian-controlled Kashmir
Red Sox beat Tigers to reach World Series
Its former chief Mickey Robinson was fired for cause when he left in September, the company said.
The boys are earning their next belt in karate.
Mr Hadley, who has a new partner and child, said: "I am absolutely delighted.
How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Fared on Monday
Russian Opposition Leader Placed Under House Arrest
World News Update, what you need to know
A man playing a video game in a store.
The lady sang into the microphone.
Boy feeding a sheep.
A dog pushes a toddler into a rain puddle.
the north korean government stated if the south korean government participates in the proliferation security initiative program it would result in unspecified catastrophic consequences.
Thai junta amasses security force to smother Bangkok protests
But butterflies housed under an earlier light cycle, 1 a.m. to 1 p.m., flew toward the southeast.
A woman mixes up vegetables.
International rescue workers hacked desperately through flattened debris for survivors and cemeteries overflowed in Iran's ancient Silk Road city of Bam yesterday.
The woman is dicing onions.
Women are holding each other and dancing together.
The man, who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.
The attack seemed similar to others staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12.
Police 'did not link' Savile claims
300 potential Jimmy Savile victims: police
Obama backs same-sex marriage
Ukraine's opposition chief wants more protests
Where in the world is Ron Paul?
A black and white bird on a body of water with grass in the background.
According to the girlfriend and Zimmerman, he did.
Snowden's father arrives in Moscow
The black and brown dog is running through the snow.
An orangutan is riding a bus.
A girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background.
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.
The Swedish central bank, also meeting on Wednesday, is widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday of as much as half a percentage point.
Iranian painter Mansoureh Hosseini dies
Two U.S. soldiers shot, killed by Afghan soldier
I prefer to run the second half 1-2 minutes faster then the first.
Fire in Russian psychiatric hospital kills 38
A woman is adding ingredients to a bowl.
a bus driving in a street.
Someone is peeling a potato.
Two reported dead in shooting at Empire State Building in NY
A small white cat sitting in a sink.
A man is playing a wooden flute.
A person on a snowmobile.
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith died later in the morning; his name has not been released, Jones said.
The puppy tried to get out of the tub.
North Korea fires three short-range missiles
the united states and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended version until russia withdraws troops from former soviet republics moldova and georgia.
"Bright but scatterbrained" becomes "treat with drugs".
The new analysis found that 32 of the 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer during about 5 years of follow-up.
A laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls.
The man poses for a photo in front of the train.
A tied man is putting into water.
A woman is chopping an onion into small pieces.
Barbini said the union may reach a compromise with the United States but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry successfully fought here.
For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent.
A man is diving into a pool.
Kremlin: Putin yet to decide on using Russian troops in Ukraine
Local Militia Bolsters Islamist Militants in Mali
A man is sitting on a rock.
Schumacher in a coma after ski accident
Israel agrees to 24-hour Gaza truce
Fern I think stories like this are stupid.
A blue bird standing on a lawn.
Romney, Obama fight for edge on Medicare
A black dog retrieves in the snow.
Britain loses bid to deport radical cleric Abu Qatada
A man is slicing a line of water bottles with a knife
The camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events year-round, according to its Web site.
A man has a driver's license.
A man is playing violin.
China rocked by twin earthquakes
De Blasio sworn in as New York mayor, succeeding Bloomberg
A scantily clad woman is standing next to a car.
When you gaze at the moon "live", you are not seeing a still image.
Named is preferred in your example, since you are formally giving a name to your method.
The panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitations has expired, Plofsky said.
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents in the Hamptons, an exclusive summer resort enclave east of New York City.
A yellow and blue airplane is flying in the sky.
Texas Instruments climbed $1.37 to $19.25 yesterday and Novellus Systems Inc. advanced $1.76 to $36.31.
UN inspectors hail progress over Syria chemical weapons
A child is riding a skateboard.
Ukraine Fears Russian Invasion
Wall Street ends slightly lower
You should do what it says.
Red and white bus driving down road.
A woman is powdering her face.
There are a very wide variety of solutions for resizing and sharpening images for use on the web.
I don't see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever.
9 killed in attacks after deadly Iraq day
One boy is talking with other man.
All 224 dead in Russian airliner mystery crash
A woman cracks two eggs into a glass bowl.
A woman is talking on a cell phone.
Two puppies play in the grass
A brown dog chews on an orange ball.
A brown dog digs in the sand.
Cadbury Schweppes has unveiled plans to slash 5,500 jobs and 20 percent of its factories over four years to cut costs brought about by an acquisition spree.
the russian government strongly opposes u.s. plans to install antimissile defenses in europe and dismisses u.s. assertions that the interceptors are needed to defend against threats from iran.
Occupation to confiscate 30 dunums of Palestinian land in Deir Estia
A small bird on a tiny branch.
A man is riding a white horse.
A baseball player hitting the ball
8,000 Syrian refugees flee to Turkey overnight
A man is hugging and kissing a woman.
A boy is very close to a girl.
A baby is falling asleep.
A man rollerblading on a metal bar.
the alh's arsenal includes-- rocket launchers from belgium rockets, guns and engines from france brake systems from italy fuel tanks and gearboxes from britain self-protection equipment from a swedish company.
China stocks close mixed Friday
The House voted 425 to 2 to clear the bill, the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
A person on a bmx bike.
A dog chases another by a tree.
Large green boat floating on water.l.
Your confusion doesn't make me a liar.
South Africa holds state funeral for Mandela
Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., criticized the FDA's efforts in Florida.
Instead he left the courtroom a free man after authorities dismissed criminal charges.
Shares of Hartford were up $2.28, or 5.2 percent, to $45.90 in midday trading.
china has been praised especially by the asia-pacific states for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue.
Who abandoned 3 Boeing planes at the airport?
Last year, he made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination for governor.
In a few billion years, the Milky Way and Andromeda will collide.
YOU FOOLS..bought the  cover-up..hook..
The couple was on the bed.
Because there are more effective ways for Her Majesty to change or veto laws.
N Korea warns of retaliation for South Korea drill
kim myong-chol warned that if there was an interdiction of north korean vessels the north korean government would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major cities such as new york and washington.
Israeli credibility on line over Iran nuclear challenge
A boy and a dog running on grass
The pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult.
Cyclone leaves trail of destruction in India
A person is mixing water and flour.
A man and small child in a living room posing for the camera.
It's just a bunch of cells.
A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave.
@Lustig Andrei, Lustig, agreed.
Two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront.
Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.
Australia's 9 million income taxpayers received surprise tax cuts of between $3 and $11 a week from Treasurer Peter Costello last night.
A boy in red jumping into a sandbox.
A group of kids having a good time.
Two-year-old Egyptian twin boys, born with their heads conjoined, have been separated after 26 hours of surgery at the Children's Medical Centre in Dallas.
the european union and the united states have frozen al-qadi's assets.
north korea denies involvement in any nuclear program in syria.
Minn. Terminal Reopens After Bag Causes Evacuation
Bangladesh executes opposition leader
Large white bird with long orange beak standing on the shoreline.
bombing occurred in afghanistan as attacks by anti-government insurgents increase in recent days.
His first Father's Day as a dad, his first major as a champion.
This is a big problem.
A woman puts chopped eggplant into a skillet.
A woman is watching television.
Lawyers: Colo. shooting suspect is mentally ill
A man plays the guitar.
Oklahoma wildfires destroy homes - in pictures
Croatia begins countdown to historic EU entry
Of 24 million phoned-in votes, 50.28 percent were for Studdard, putting him 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
A man is wiping the edge of a bowl off.
A dog walks along a beach with breaking waves.
Originally Posted by zaf I suppose the water in the middle makes a difference.
Pakistan's Musharraf charged over Bhutto murder
an ensuing battle killed at least 10 militants.
A man is cutting up carrots.
Publisher acquitted in privacy case
Japan mayor apologizes to U.S., denies wrong words on "comfort women"
A cat cleans itself.
'India police name 3 Iranians in embassy attack'
If you're doing a full body workout 6 days a week, you absolutely need the rest week.
A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.
A close-up view of the headlights of a blue old-fashioned car.
Tense calm returns to south Tel Aviv
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.
An audience watches a girl dance.
beijing police apprehended more than 20 people in suspicion of using and trafficking drugs in 2 downtown bars.
Egypt's Coptic Church Prepares to Choose Pope
A man is tracking in the wood.
Hezbollah says it sent drone over Israel
Suspected U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan
A young girl going down a tube slide.
I don't understand how freedom of speech will be prohibited.
China expands search area for missing plane
5 killed in Israeli air strikes in Gaza
Pakistani Taliban 'elect new chief', vow 'unprecedented' revenge
Candy - Thanks for starting us off today.
"I had mainly been" is fine, in the context you're using it.
Edited by LashL: Edited to properly mask profanity in quoted post.
China manufacturing index at 11-month low: HSBC
What is your lid made of?
US sprinter Tyson Gay tests positive for banned substance
A man is leading a horse around by it's halter.
At Least Six Dead in Pakistan Gunfight
A man is drivong a car.
There are some cases "status" may be accounted of countable.
Shankill blast victims to be remembered
A man has his son on his back
Neymar powers Brazil into World Cup last 16
Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.
Someone is holding a hedgehog.
General Myers told reporters that "at first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken".
A man is teasing a snake with a mouse.
The woman is frying a breaded pork chop.
a brown double decker tour bus on a street with a ferris wheel behind it.
There is always "transitional authority" by virtue of the writing of regulations.
A sheep standing in a mountainous area.
mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa due to the high degree of organized crime and drug trafficking.
Of the 24 directors who are not exchange executives, half are representatives of the securities industry and half are designated public members.
A yellow dog is playing in the snow.
Syrian rebels skeptical of chemical weapons deal
Avalanche buries over 100 Pakistani soldiers
Missouri health officials said he had not been hospitalized and is recovering.
Indonesia's army has been accused of human rights abuses during its earlier battles with GAM, charges it has generally denied.
Davey started attending Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, in 1999 with plans to become a minister.
China no longer top investment destination: poll
Harry Potter's latest wizard trick?
Table with blue table cloth in kitchen.
the number of executions increased in iran last year amid a campaign that is aimed at improving security in society.
Emile Laroza, 51, contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak.
A woman is adding sauce to some food.
The one that has three walks home and beats his wife.
A person is drawing a picture.
When printed on a lens the f-stop is usually expressed as a ratio with a colon (i.e.
A man in a top hat rides a white horse.
Motorcycle parked next to a car outside.
Iran, world powers pledge new nuclear talks
Libya postpones assembly election to July 7
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.
France's Hollande backs Greece but urges credible reform
No, a tent will not give you any protection from bears that want what's inside.
It may be possible for a solar system like ours to exist outside of a galaxy.
Barbini's comments came Tuesday, the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology.
"We've become like total strangers," John told a pal two days before his death.
Teenage Tibetan monk dies after setting himself on fire in China
Libyans transfer weapons to army
Prosecutors maintained that Durst murdered Black to try to assume Black's identity.
the woman is going to a wedding.
A man on a motorbike jumping with the sky behind him.
A person is slicing a garlic into pieces.
The brown dog is running along a grassy pathway.
She was taken by ambulance to Charing Cross Hospital in Hammersmith.
Egyptian death toll rises to 638
Pakistan protests ceasefire violations by India
A brown furry animal stands behind some plants.
I am moving on to ask you the question: " Where ' s the beef " ?
A soldier was killed Monday and another wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq.
A man removes food from a bag.
Two children in a field of red flowers.
China sacks top economic official
Webster's New World Rhyming Dictionary: Clement Wood's Updated This is the rhyming dictionary I turn to first.
The man sang and played his guitar.
At least 45 killed in Spain train crash
I'm actually about to do the same thing when transferring at London Heathrow.
"We're not looking for a Robin Hood remedy," said Michael Rebell, the campaign's executive director.
No has has shut down the oil fields.
Four boys are standing in front of the burning car.
A group of people are firing up a hot air balloon.
If I'm hyper active, it will show up in one of those scans..
No you are not.
Iran threatens to trigger oil price war
The money I spent adopting Velociraptor.
A dog and cat laying down together.
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.
alto huallaga is located northeast of the capital lima.
There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA, compared with 70 cases on June 6.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> jumped 26 points, or 1.78 percent, to 1,516.
At the accident scene, the driver was "covered in blood" but helped to remove children, Wood said.
The turtle followed the fish.
This relates to the "discovery" of Asian, and other non-European cultures by Americans.
KL shares higher at mid-afternoon
Top Asian News 1:25 p.m. GMT
The California was a cargo ship.
AMD's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.
Captain of capsized S Korean Ferry Arrested
The Pentagon had hoped to retain control of the postwar effort, so the decision was seen by some insiders as a victory for Powell and the State Department.
Cuba sees "major role" for foreign investment
U.S. drone strikes kill 16 suspected militants in Yemen
Messy computer desk with two monitors.
France says Greece must show credibility for eurozone
PM Narendra Modi speaks of non-discrimination and equality
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, about 48km north; their conditions were not immediately available.
A skier is falling face first into the snow.
Syria TV says govt troops free captive journalists
Three men are playing guitars and singing together.
The ingredients of such a polypill would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering statin, three blood pressure-lowering agents in half dose, and folic acid.
Chinese students attacked in France
Kerkowski and Fassett's bodies were unearthed at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home on June 5.
A man is holding a microphone in a room.
A young woman with a bracelet is wearing a bikini top and jeans.
Australian politicians lament over Nelson Mandela's death
Rocks, tear gas fly as Thai protests heat up
Men are running a race.
D.C. Votes to Decriminalize Marijuana
Bush wanted "to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing," White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday.
Symptoms include a stiff neck, fever, headache and sensitivity to light.
Cars driving near a model building.
The cook pouring oil into the pan.
The rhino grazed on the grass.
Two people dressed in white standing on a grass field.
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.
A red double decker bus driving down a street.
A small dog jumping over an obstacle.
To reach John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak@kctar.com.
Plane crash lands at San Francisco airport
UK says investigating 2 suspected MERS cases
A man is bowling.
A dog jumps over a chain.
government spokesman maseko stated that if administrative papers are in order the government of south africa cannot intervene to prevent weapons from being transported through its territory to a neighboring landlocked country.
Two teams play soccer.
EU ministers hold crisis talks over horse meat scandal
The bodies of many of the dead, pulled from under the partially derailed train, were laid out by the tracks awaiting identification.
FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday.
The 2000 Democratic platform supported "the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families in the life of the nation."
To play golf, the first thing you need is a set of clubs.
Syria demands written guarantee for troop pullback
Scuba diver submerged in water.
A man is pouring oil into a pan.
Still love this show.
I'm going to be blunt, here: You don't.
A man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people.
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.
A man shows off a small monkey.
Egypt: Police clash with pro-Morsi protesters
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91, ending at its highest level for 12 months.
"The Hulk" took in $62.6 million at the box office, a monster opening and a new June record.
Do you further agree that I have made no claim?
Egyptian court considers Mubarak’s release
Suu Kyi urges party unity amid squabbles
It appears as though it has likely started to bolt.
China stock index futures close higher -- Dec. 4
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.
Runners compete in a race.
A girl in a blue dress and another girl in a purple dress, both smiling.
The man is shooting a gun.
Among other things, Microsoft is to comment on proposed remedies in its response.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649.
Nigeria announces plans to change polymer Naira notes
China quake: Death toll rises
A girl is slicing a butter into two pieces.
With 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS, South Africa has the world's highest AIDS caseload.
A young girl wearing a helmet riding a pony.
A man is lifting weights in a garage.
A yellow car drives quickly in the snow.
"We're being hyper-vigilant," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
Grasso quit last week in the wake of a firestorm of criticism over his $140 million compensation package.
It is simply the number of balls bowled divided by the number of wickets taken.
Teenager and father killed in crash
'Dozens killed' in Syrian air strike on bakery
Obama economic tour buffeted by low expectations
At least 13 killed in triple car bombings in Iraq's Diyala
Several dead, 550 injured in Argentina train crash
Clashes erupt as Islamists push back in Egypt
Bush said U.S. and European Union leaders, at an annual Washington summit, agreed on the need to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons.
You purport to value life very heavily.
Pakistan PM for deeper economic ties with Sri Lanka
The show's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny.
Nelson Mandela's real hero was not Gandhi, but Nehru
Attorney General Eric Holder to Resign
Mel Smith dead at 60 and UK mourns a comedy favourite
'Ready to go home:' Last Boston bombing victim leaves the hospital
A black and white dog is jumping into the water.
When is Prince George's christening? Baptism plan, royal baby's godparents and all the details
A black cow and a brown cow stands in a plain in front of an uprooted tree.
A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall.
A man is burning a flag.
Tornadoes level homes in Oklahoma, 1 dead
Repsol blasts Argentina over oil nationalization
Two men charged with terrorism offences
The bomb exploded in the desert.
Yes, absolutely - the receiving player must allow the ball to bounce before returning the serve - or any shot, actually.
The man is exercising.
Sienna Miller testifies at UK phone hacking trial
Missing plane search turns to Vietnamese islands
Two men stand with their bicycles outside a shop.
The user needs to evaluate for his/herself the cost/benefit of an "obvious" efficiency tool, such as macros.
The author is one of several defense experts expected to testify.
Three die after car crash at Tian'anmen
Four foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east
A dog is running on the ground.
A young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
Someone is frying meat.
Russia responds to Ukraine ceasefire
Delhi gang rape victim dies in Singapore hospital
Bailout terms prompt run on Cyprus banks
North Korea vows to restart nuclear facilities
Staff writers Selwyn Crawford and Colleen McCain Nelson and Brian Anderson of DallasNews.com contributed to this report.
Pro-Palestinian activists prepare flotilla to break Gaza blockade
People bent the laws.
Something like this is useful:
A person riding a dirt bike.
James Gandolfini dies aged 51
Her body was found several weeks later in the Green River.
Cyprus bailout remarks alarm markets
Pakistan holds landmark election as 29 killed in attacks
The Competition Commission delivered its verdict yesterday on the proposed merger of the two big ITV players, Carlton and Granada.
A man sitting on the floor plays a guitar.
Four civilians, three NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
US Troops Killed in Afghan Insider Attack
On Tuesday, he picked up the endorsement of the United Steelworkers of America.
Three individuals are posing on skis behind a "no skiing" sign.
In addition, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat.
A multi-colored train on a track.
Chinese president meets U.S. state secretary
Manmohan hopes to clinch nuclear deal with Japan
Meat is dropped into a pan.
Car bombings kill 13 civilians in Iraqi capital
Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.
South Africans mourn, celebrate Mandela
A black horse is running around.
Egypt's Mubarak critical
A cat addresses the camera.
Two astronomers surveying the region around Jupiter have detected 20 new moons, bringing the giant planet's total to 60.
Bradley triumphs at Firestone as Furyk fades
According to the State Department list, about 25 nations have signed bilateral agreements in the past four months, about half in the past three weeks.
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged Colorado, 3-2, Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
Up to 21, mostly foreigners, killed in Kabul suicide attack
A woman is cutting potato.
Pakistan condemns U.S. drone strikes
Close up of the rear of a red sports car.
US suspects Syria used chemical weapons
chinese authorities were not immediately available for comment.
Philadelphia building collapses, 8-10 people may be trapped
The Third Armored Cavalry Regiment recently apprehended about 40 suspected fighters near the Syrian border, officials said.
It's a good question.
Police helicopter crashes into Scottish pub
He explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at Bristol University in Britain.
The man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling.
Armenians vote in parliamentary elections
A man is performing labor.
No, none of those factors account for the recent warming.
Kids, adults, booksellers and postal workers all are preparing for "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
A clear plastic chair in front of a bookcase.
I said she has not ever had to be a part of any workforce.
"This is extraordinarily fast," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
David Beckham Retires From Football
Two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water.
The woman is singing.
Israel's Peres calls for return to peace talks
A woman is picking a can.
grenell is spokesman for the u.s. mission to the united nations.
Iran earthquake death toll rises
Silvio Berlusconi expelled from parliament
In general there are a number of different distinct workflows that lead to a poster.
France Telecom shares dropped 3.6 percent while Orange surged 13 percent.
TVT Records sought $360 million in punitive damages and $30 million in compensatory damages, officials said.
A cat sitting on sand looking up at the camera.
I don't know how legitimate this is, but I heard he's kind of suicidal.
The white sheep is standing on the green hill.
Two dogs running through the water on a beach.
There was no influence from China to the culture of Greece.
A man practicing boxing
BTW he had appropriate deferments for the time.
Israel PM accuses Iran president of hypocrisy
Two women are slicing some lemons.
English works everywhere with people buying and selling things and in the hospitality and tourism busniness.
A dog is lying at the bottom of a staircase next to another standing dog.
Gov'ts, groups pledge millions for typhoon relief
A man is playing guitar.
A man is adding water to pan.
A television in a messy room with several bookcases.
The single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro's launch in January 1999.
I repeat: And the simple fact today?
Many football players sitting on the ground.
Ukraine signs EU trade pact as Russia finalizes Crimea annexation
Two dead, nine hurt in French building collapse
Turkish police fire teargas at protesters in Istanbul
Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net.
Thousands evacuated in Moscow metro fire
A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket.
"Yes, I do not wish to be present during this witness," Peterson, 31, calmly told the judge as he was returned to his cell.
A man and a woman are standing in front of a building
Customers include Mitsubishi, Siemens, DBTel, Dell, HP, Palm, Philips, Sharp, and Sony.
Iran says detects sabotage at nuclear facility
A man is playing a flute in a band.
Romney, Obama clash on tax, economy in first debate
Malaysia sets May 5 as date for closely contested election
A small child sits on a cement wall near white flower.
Specifically Gnostic.
Thousands of Britons claim dole in Germany
a black and white cow standing in the field.
A woman is slicing some onions.
A large group of people have formed a line outside.
saferworld team leader on transfer controls and small arms roy isbister stated-- the eu embargo prohibits direct or indirect supply of military equipment for use in myanmar.
Google CEO says Android important, not critical
Motor Racing: Button fastest in year's first F1 practice
Griffith, a Mount Airy native, now lives on the North Carolina coast in Manteo.
No healthy person needs gambling.
First, you should realize that this is not you or your dog's problem.
Russians leaving Syria cross into Lebanon
A guy is taking off his sunglasses.
I've started my own tool since I didn't like yWriter and Storybook.
DeVries did make one stop in town Wednesday - registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.
In an E-mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel, Shumaker said, ''I am not giving any consideration to resignation.
A baby is playing with a dog.
Malaysians vote in polls for stability or change
The American Stock Exchange biotech index .BTK surged 5 percent.
A white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth.
Japan switches off last nuclear power plant this weekend
A man is slicing something.
Two dogs in a fenced kennel look ahead.
Most of Philip K Dick's works aren't hard Sci-Fi in the least.
Although headgear is allowed to be worn, it is not advised for anyone other than the goalkeeper.
Sunderland 2-2 Bolton: Davies in at the double
What time is the Paralympic Opening Ceremony? Everything you need to know about the big curtain-raiser
Two women in kitchen with one taking a picture.
Brazilian leader holds crisis talks on street protests
A man is singing on stage.
A man is eating a bowl of cereal.
The women are trying to sell something to the individual.
Best way to get money out is to get rid of lobby, all of it.
Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow.
I see some references to status as uncountable as well, but that doesn't make much sense to me.
A woman is cutting up a carrot with a knife.
A tent may give you slightly more protection than sleeping out in the open, but not much.
Pakistan to release senior Taliban commander on Saturday
the statement did not specify how many warheads the missile can carry.
A young boy in a brown jacket playing with snow.
Pak: 20 dead in anti-Islam film protests
Search leader urges caution in findings related to missing Malaysian jetliner
As Shinto pointed out, vulgar words exist in every language.
A cat is on a robot.
A woman is sitting in the water.
A woman cuts tofu into tiny pieces.
Spanish train driver Garzon to be questioned by judge
The man sat in his suit and smoked.
The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center, where he later died, the police said.
Sony forecasts record annual loss of $6.4bn
Egypt poll: 98 per cent vote 'yes' for new constitution
California wildfire forces evacuation of homes, university
In my 200 L fresh water tank, which is an aggressive tank, fish occasionally get harassed to death.
IBM said the Rational products were also integrated with Rational PurifyPlus, which allows developers to work in Java, Visual C# and VisualBasic .Net.
Soggy solstice: Stonehenge gets soaking
Friends of Syria recognizes opposition coalition as legitimate representative of Syrian people
Police helicopter crashes into pub in Glasgow - several casualties
At least 15 killed in Nigeria church attack
Any woman that wants and abortion can get one.
He was referring to John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange last Sunday .
Brian Brabazon said his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
A woman in a white shirt and black skirt on a tennis court.
Based on a separate survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
Spurs get revenge on Lakers, lead West
A man in a hat is playing a harp.
A small kitchen with items stacked on the shelves and on the counter.
The man is trying to feed the snake with a mouse.
White House backs gay marriage
Red double decker bus with hood open.
Peacekeeper killed in Abyei clash
A close-up of a black train engine.
This is an example I always find is helpful for first year.
A woman is writing a letter.
A black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy.
Committee nears final big immigration decisions
Two girls are playing Doctor inside their house.
General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla.
Nick Pollard, the head of Sky News said: "This is a shocking blow for James's family.
Two dogs standing in the snow.
A boat is in the water and a small airplane is on the dock.
But American troops will not shrink from mounting raids in the locations of their foes that can be pinpointed.
A Cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison Friday for using two fake grenades to hijack a passenger plane from Cuba to Florida in April.
Bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law, he added.
Gas cylinder blast on Pakistan school bus kills 17
A man is kicking pots of water.
A domestic animal stands in a pen.
Romney taped at secret donor talk
Funeral of Oscar Pistorius' girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp takes place
Jury selection begins in Zimmerman's trial
Murray ends 77-year wait for British win
nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution that toppled the dictatorship of anastasio somoza but imposed a cuban-style leftist regime.
The dollar was at 116.78 yen JPY= , virtually flat on the session, and at 1.2871 against the Swiss franc CHF= , down 0.1 percent.
He hasn't been funny since Larry Bud Melman was on the show.
Two young kids dressed up sitting down on chairs.
A young boy in red swim trunks is jumping into a pool.
A person is slicing onions.
US drone strike kills 8 militants
I disagree that the moniker “most extensive” should be applied to Dorothy Jones Heydt’s language.
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent.
Pakistan blocks Twitter over anti-Islamic material
A woman puts cosmetics on her eyelid.
Thai protesters besiege more ministries
Blast kills nine in southern Afghanistan: officials
Inflation falls to 15-month low: what the analysts say
South Africa's rugby fraternity mourns Mandela
Spanish government approves tight restrictions on abortion
A man is tying his shoe.
US designates Haqqani network as terrorists
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of 4.2 percent.
France cleared to impose controversial 'millionaire tax'
11 killed in Chinese police station attack
Faction Names Bianca Ojukwu APGA National Leader
UK: 300 potential Savile abuse victims emerge
Microsoft will stop developing versions of its Internet Explorer browser software for Macintosh computers, saying that Apple's Safari is now all that Apple needs.
He also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered for himself.
A man has his skis ready for the field to get iced out
Shares of USA Interactive rose $2.28, or 7 percent, to $34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year.
China sets Bo Xilai trial date
Former model Lady McCartney lost a leg in a road accident in 1993 and is understood to have steel plates fitted in her hips which would make natural childbirth difficult.
Instead of one long operation to separate the twins, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three, with several weeks between each.
A technical stop is for the benefit of the PLANE.
A woman is slicing fruit.
A group of people sitting around a table on a porch.
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.
A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.
The main flaw with your definition of a "generalised planet" would be the boundary between stars and planets.
http://www.rhymezone.com/ You just type in a word, then select one of the following.
China yuan strengthens to 6.1184 against USD Tuesday
A cheetah is running.
A baby sneezed and scared another baby.
A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar.
"The whole thing is a travesty," fumed Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.
Two racing dogs run in the mud.
That's what the historical record shows.
We think this was bad law, and we still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
Dog is jumping down a ramp.
A woman is slicing some tofu.
Heavy fighting rocks eastern Syria - residents
US, Russia agree on seizure of Syria chemical weapons
London 2012 Olympics Opening Ceremony 'to feature a green and pleasant land'
An elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street.
Now, with the agency's last three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia disaster, that wait could be even longer.
A man doing a jumping bike trick surrounded by trees.
Egypt protesters 'to be dispersed'
Activists: Syrian troops storm Damascus suburb
Malawi confirms president's death
Thirty Dead In Italian Bus Plunge
I live in Delaware and have already harvested my jalapeno and chili peppers.
A man eats popcorn while watching cartoons late one night.
Six dogs walking beside the beach.
A woman is riding a seadoo.
a woman with a big necklace.
And here I thought I knew me some math.
A band is performing on a stage.
A girl is going to class.
A woman is scraping a carrot.
A black and white dog is running in the grass.
blix stated that it is essential to increase efforts to eliminate nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction.
U.S. and Turkey Tighten Coordination on Syria
Nobel laureate Doris Lessing dies at 94
Clinton warns Kenya on cost of election unrest
sheik doon salad ilmi stated that civilian casualties resulting from overnight mortar and rocket attacks are admitted to the hospital nearly every day.
Saudi to give Lebanese army $3 billion
The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop.
Georgia has received all but $70,000 of its money back with the help of the FBI.
Palestinians, Israeli police clash at Jerusalem's al-Aqsa
At first, I thought this is a bit of a tricky question.
"He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words ... He gave us each a kiss and that was it," she said.
If so, alot of inventors, writers should take prescription drugs..
A slow loris is biting a persons finger.
Man standing in front of a silver rail car.
Glee star Cory Monteith found dead in hotel room in Canada
Two children splashing in the water.
Eleven killed in China police station attack
A woman is washing a freezer.
The new products on the desktop side include the latest versions of Pylon Conduit and Pylon Pro.
A group of elderly people pose around a dining table.
Mandela movie to open this month in South Africa
A woman riding a bicycle on a large concrete area.
US stocks tumble on third day of shutdown
Three dogs racing on a dirt track
Kids play soccer on a field.
i started it last night xanis.
Excluding one-time items, the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share.
At least 20 dead in Somalia attacks
A black dog is running through the grass carrying something red in its mouth.
Woman at table busy with something.
I agree with the other comments.
A girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle.
Space legend Neil Armstrong dies
A woman is slicing a cucumber.
Cryptic crossword - Saturday 27th April
The kids are stealing from a store.
A polar bear is running towards a group of walruses.
"The steps that the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qaida are insufficient.
25 more bodies found at Algerian gas plant
Saudi Arabia rejects seat on UN Security Council
A person is putting shredded cheese in a pot.
China ships enter waters off disputed islands
Three women in Indian dresses in a crowded room smiling.
A man is slicing some potato.
Suicide bomber kills 21 in NW Pakistan
Google's early stage backers in include California-based Stanford University and VC firms Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital.
Suicide bomber kills 20 in Iraq
A person hanging from a rocky cliff.
We just addressed this recently, and the excellent answer suggested was guillemets.
You might have to try a variety before you find one that clicks with him.
Reuters witnesses said public squares were packed with crying children and people left homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.
So think it in this way.
A woman is pouring ingredients into a frying pan.
the state scientific center of applied microbiology has been working with western scientists to convert the complex into a biomedical manufacturing site.
Guatemala overturns former dictator's genocide conviction
UK urges countries over Syria aid
A young man is playing the guitar.
Ex-Virginia governor Bob McDonnell charged with corruption
Another big gainer was Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people), which shot 32 percent higher.
Gunners fire but fail to advance in Champions League
A man is slicing onion.
A group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor.
South Africa unites in prayer and song for Nelson Mandela
A woman and a dog standing in the grass.
the people are running a marathon
Sienna Miller attacks press for ‚Äėtitillating‚Äô reports at hacking trial
A large bird is flying through the air.
A man is peeling a potato.
A man is moving a tree limb.
A woman is cooking a breaded pork chop.
A guy is riding a horse.
Yes what are his charges.
Taliban denies involvement in Boston marathon bombing
Coptic priest shot dead in Egypt attack
The cook is slicing bell peppers.
A person is cutting mushrooms.
People on motorbikes in a city street.
UK Leader Signals Support for Airstrikes on IS in Syria
Explosion hits pipeline as Assad attacks cities
A woman is riding an elephant.
The mock explosion, the first event in the drill, occurred in a car in industrial south Seattle.
Clean the urinated zone with vinegar (I used to do that when my feline daughter was a baby kitten).
The man is sitting drinking coffee.
Five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps
Death toll rises to 6 as Storm Xaver batters northern Europe
Stocks fall on third day of government shutdown
Start them as early as possible.
A young woman with outstretched arms stands in front of a "Going Places" bus.
Thieves snatch English Channel swimmer's custom-made wheelchair
Israel's West Bank control 'costing Palestinian economy billions'
The boats are on the water located in front of the mountain.
Surrounded by singers from Harlem, Bush said: ''The artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history.
Four children on stools in a diner.
A woman is peeling potato.
Can the U.S. trust Syria to hand over chemical weapons?
Fidel Castro celebrates 86th birthday
A woman is reading.
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack sat in the front row of the court, but few Balinese attended the trial.
The man is throwing knives at a tree.
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.
A boy is playing the piano.
"Fighting continued until midnight," western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday.
Primer/paint will not work.
A man is cutting apple by his hand.
An animal is chewing on something.
A silver and blue motorcycle sitting next to a car.
The two men are about to compete in a match.
A cat is pouncing on a trampoline.
A wooden yacht on the ocean.
the united states government has accused the iranian government of trying to develop nuclear weapons under the cover of a civilian nuclear program.
A guy on a white horse.
Two women cooking.
Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, "The academy is shocked and saddened.
Canadian Muslims issue fatwa against 'honor killing'
A boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand.
Obama takes offensive against Romney in debate
Death toll rises to 12 in Indonesia mine collapse
ArQule, Daiichi stop lung cancer trial, shares tank
New video shows US police officers beating mentally-ill man
A woman looks at a duck as she walks behind it.
Jodi Arias eligible for death penalty, jury says
This is a bad idea.
Brown and white ducks walking on green grass.
I guess those are greek tickets (εισιτηριον) for excavation sites or museums.
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man's back while he is laying on a blanket.
Fitch restores Ford credit to investment grade
Mubarak retrial adjourned to June
That is, if the Recording Industry Association of America has anything to say about it.
their vast properties are protected by the govt.
Pakistan marks World Press Freedom Day
Chinese tourist abducted from Malaysia
A person pours some rice pudding into a bowl.
The settlement taking effect this week was reached less than two months after O'Malley took the helm of the nation's fourth-largest archdiocese.
'Desperate Housewives' Actress Kathryn Joosten Dies
News summary for January 14
A shirtless man playing football on a lawn.
China sends largest fleet yet to disputed islands
Russian parliament allows Putin to use military in Ukraine
A boy is playing on a toy phone.
Two white dogs walk through a huge bank of mountain snow.
according to the statement the prototype rs-24 rocket is unlike the topol-m in that it is equipped with multiple independently targetable warheads to overwhelm defense systems.
The cat is sitting between two bicycles in front of a door.
Ukraine pressured over Kiev clashes
A black and white photo of a bottle sitting atop a rock carving in front of a line of bushes.
Beef burger mix recalled over salmonella concerns
Venezuela lawmakers brawl over election
A black and white sheep is walking next to a white sheep.
Death toll in India building collapse hits 42
Apple Computer Inc. said Monday it exceeded record industry expectations by selling more than 1 million songs since the launch of its online music store a week ago.
Carney sets high bar to changes at Bank of England
Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.
Calif man pleads not guilty in girl kidnap case
Since being drafted into service in 1971, it has racked up a record 45 accidents, with 393 deaths.
There have been quite a few studies in football/soccer discussing home field advantage.
FirstEnergy Corp. should have determined that modernizing one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions, U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled Thursday.
But the economy hasn't shown signs of sustainable growth.
UBS settles US mortgage lawsuit and takes £600m charge
not astros or orioles bad Gameday for the orioles game is frozen for me.
Spanish dilemma gets more acute
CIA chief visits Israel for Syria talks
A man is riding a motorcycle.
Why was the Book of Thomas left out of the canon?
Other nations involved in the PSI include Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain and Britain.
Former CIA officer sentenced to 30 months in prison for info leak
Remains of 167 people found in Mexico cave
Who Is Jihadi John?
Google redesigns search results on PCs
It will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands Police, strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry from intimidation.
Man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk.
We have two parallel worlds in collision or maybe more.
Oracle shares also rose on the news, up 15 cents to $13.51 on the Nasdaq.
Strong quake hits eastern Indonesia
A man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole.
The exact timeline hasn't been listed yet, but there are a few assumptions we can make.
Group of people posing with two men dressed as Elvis.
Cisco executives said they were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but hoped for a rebound.
A man breaks a slab of concrete that is lying on a prone man with a sledge hammer.
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.
This gives you the opportunity to make your case that you really do have expertise in XXX.
occupied Palestinian territory: Palestinians rebuff US peace talks blueprint
When the bomb exploded at the Casa de España, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo.
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which he was a member, said he was researching a schools exchange project.
A woman is feeding a man.
Focus Shifts to Greece After Spain Secures Bank Bailout
A man and a woman are riding on their bicycles.
It also supports coloured labels to better organise documents, and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and Unix file servers.
Someone is playing a piano.
A man is speaking at a podium.
Editors from around the world urge Turkey to protect media
AFTRA members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88% to 24.12%.
I don't see why that should be a problem.
It's a good idea to do both.
Watch live: US Capitol on lockdown after reports of shots fired
Er, that's not how dilution works.
Mayawati demands president's rule in Kashmir
U.S. dumps bombs at Great Barrier Reef
Seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $3,450.
A brown dog is running in the grass.
Selenski had served about seven years in prison for bank robbery.
Clinton lands in India to breathe life into ties
A woman is carrying her baby.
A woman is straightening her hair.
The doctor was helping the patient.
a train rides on his tracks.
Corpses Of 53 Men Found South Of Baghdad
US, UN up pressure on Israel over Gaza
I recently stumbled on a great article that talks about protein consumption for the purposes of building muscle (recovery included).
A woman stirs eggs in a bowl.
The cat is licking a bottle.
That's just not how legal briefs are written.
The dog ran in the water at the beach.
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.
A red double decker bus on a city street.
Sinhala, one of the languages spoken in Sri Lanka has a four way deixis system.
A group of people in the middle of the desert.
Bomb threat forces evacuation at Princeton
Democracy is a threat to liberty.
World No.2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
Venezuela lawmakers brawl amid election tensions
Several people on motorcycles in a market square.
Lance Armstrong confesses to doping in Oprah interview
Black and white lamb with tag in right ear.
A BMX biker rides along the top of a fence.
Close up of a brown horse with a blue halter.
Intel Corp.'s second-quarter profits doubled and revenues grew 8 percent from a year ago as the chip-making giant reported stronger-than-expected demand for personal computer microprocessors.
The identical rovers will act as robotic geologists, searching for evidence of past water.
A boy is playing the violin onstage.
On Monday, Abbey trotted on stage, tail wagging, with Conway before a crowd of 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference.
But do you actually believe there was an iceberg in those waters?
Keep in mind that you can easily swear without swearing.
Six rescued after boat capsizes in Dublin Bay
A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers.
Originally Posted by Odins eye .Nazi is a slang term for the NSWP.
A man is mowing grass.
A woman is cracking eggs.
Volkswagen skids into red in wake of pollution scandal
Peace talks with Palestinians would take months: Israel official
House blaze kills 7 in northern Pakistan
the resolution requires all 192 united nations member states to adopt laws to prevent terrorists, black marketeers and other non-state actors from manufacturing, acquiring or trafficking in nuclear, biological or chemical weapons or the materials to make them.
Some studies suggest open-space environments lower working efficiency with 2-10% due to interruptions, stress and noise.
Yemen suicide bombing kills soldiers
A person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath.
I'd been using paper towels to oil the grill, and I just discovered that newspapers work a lot better.
Hijacker arrested after plane lands at Geneva Airport
The dog is in the air above the grass.
Egypt's Brotherhood stands ground after killings
Two black dogs in the snow.
A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water.
But White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said yesterday: "The steps the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qa'ida are insufficient."
UN security council orders global sanctions against Haqqani network in Afghanistan
Car bomb kills 20 in northwest Syria
Lee Janzen, who was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 and tied for sixth.
Halliburton on Tuesday reiterated its contention that KBR had "delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms".
Weiner stays in NYC mayor's race amid new sexting scandal
Two cats sitting together on the sofa looking out the window.
Palestinian president wants Israelis to talk peace
A man with a hard hat is dancing.
A man is walking on rocks with water flowing around them.
Bomber strikes near Pakistan army HQ
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 14.17 points or 0.94 per cent to 1,517.05.
A white dog with red ears is running in the snow.
The clowns are striking a pose for the camera.
A man is picking flowers.
A woman is puncturing a potato with a fork.
Larry Page says Android important, not critical
Two kids playing with a dog.
The man is skiing down a snowy hill.
The company claimed it is the largest sale of Xserves by an Apple retailer.
A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth.
5.5-magnitude quake hits off Taiwan
118 people killed in twin blasts in Nigeria
12 bodies found at Russian jet crash in Indonesia
Jeremy Hunt clings on as SpAd quits over News Corp emails
Journalists hail London Olympics opening
Quotations in the News
A man is jumping into water from a cliff.
Ernst & Young spokesman Kenneth Kerrigan said the firm admits no wrongdoing.
A woman is dancing in the rain.
the osce discussed kazakhstan's bid to hold the osce presidency in 2009.
They can be out of level by a bit, but flat is important.
Stocks to watch on Monday
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing flies to Japan on Sunday en route to South Korea on August 13.
If freedom of speech has consequences then it is not free.
'Hunger Games' sets box office records
Two cows cross a paved street.
Hope this is what you are looking for.
This is a terrible idea.
A man is playing a ukulele.
brazil's strategic affairs minister roberto mangabeira unger stated brazil's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry.
A man tosses a bag down an escalator.
"Reloaded" is the second installment of a trilogy; "The Matrix Revolutions" is slated for debut in November.
If you haven't made any claims, then just say so.
Chinese stocks gain at midday Monday
A man is playing flute.
The study appears today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
The group is eating while taking in a breathtaking view.
There are some black cattle in a grassy plain with a large tree in the background.
A man is peeling shrimp.
Several televisions are on the floor and stacked up on top of one another.
Three children playing on the floor.
A man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall.
Obama voices willingness to talk with GOP on budget
Death toll in Syria now tops 100,000
A woman is climbing a rock wall.
The US Senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure.
Bounty hunting is illegal in Mexico, and the bounty hunter was charged with kidnapping.
Black train on train tracks.
A man is playing a violin.
Monty Python to reunite for new show
Preserving grammaticality and preserving meaning of the sentence are two different things.
Egypt court orders Mubarak release
Gunmen kill 3 Lebanese troops near Syria
A second victim, Michael Walker, 23, was struck in the torso, the bullet perforating his lung.
To stick with the traditional pomodoro technique this is considered an interruption.
US astronaut Neil Armstrong dies
IDEC shareholders would own 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company, and Biogen shareholders the remaining 49.5 percent.
tirana is the capital of
the international community should modernize and seek a fair, reasonable and effective way to enhance the nuclear non-proliferation regime through extensive consultations.
Earlier on Monday, Grant Thornton SpA repeated previous statements that it was "a victim of fraudulent action".
A dog jumps into a backyard pool.
Raccoons are eating.
A man is lying the grass with long hair and beard.
A man is lifting a car.
The U.S. House of Representatives, the other chamber of Congress, does not vote on treaties.
Stout comes to Sprint from GE Capital, where he served as chief technology and information officer.
A person is rinsing a steak off with water.
A woman equestrian riding a horse.
6.6-mag quake strikes off eastern Indonesia
I've recently bought two sit/stand Galant tables from IKEA and I'm quite happy with them.
Teenage girl killed in east London Shereka Marsh was shot in the neck, police say
Two kids splashing in the water.
Russian plane reportedly crashes in Egypt
A woman adds ingredients to beef.
And parts of the west coast.
US bans carry-on liquids on direct flights to Russia
Are you driving one?
A man is moving large rocks.
China's Cabinet promises to boost economy
Nine killed in Syrian-linked clashes in Lebanon
The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
A black dog is running quickly along the ground.
A group of people are sitting at at a beach on towels watching the Blue Angels.
Someone is carving a statue.
Mt Gox finds 200,000 'forgotten' bitcoins
Manchester United Ticket Sales And Profit Down
nato regrets russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe.
The Reagan, a floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, is the ninth Nimitz-class carrier to be built at the Newport News shipyard.
Car Bomb Hits Swedish Consulate in Benghazi, None Hurt
2 Americans Killed as Afghan Unrest Enters Fifth Day
Doctors are trying to revive a man.
A woman is cutting a carrot.
A chef is peeling a potato.
Funny, I thought the same thing about some math.
Globular clusters occupy an interesting place in the spectrum of composite stellar systems.
The main cause of the allergies is proteins in the saliva.
Jeff Bezos Pays $250 Million For The Washington Post
Note the subheading of this terrible parable in the "American Masters" series, "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
Amazon unveils new Fire TV streaming video box
North Korea Blocks Access to Key Industrial Zone
Australian unemployment up to 5.1 percent
A little kid is running around a fishing pole.
abuja is the capital of
A brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth.
US top diplomat Kerry's wife rushed to hospital
Earlier, he told France Inter-Radio, "I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic."
A monkey pulled a dogs tail.
The virus killed 44 people in the Toronto area, including one doctor and two nurses.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.
On Thursday, a Washington Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely, contrary to the Wall Street Journal's line.
A person is cutting a green pepper.
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC jumped 43.64 points, or 2.89 percent, to 1,553.73.
The man took off his sunglasses while talking.
"The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security," said the administration, part of the Homeland Security Department.
A man is playing the guitar and singing.
Philip leaves hospital after 11 days
The terminology is usually called "Destructive vs Non Destructive" editing.
10 killed in Iraq bomb attack
It is up to you.
"Canada is a small country, and it needs companies like this, deals like this."
Four people are sitting around a living room with.snacks.
The effort is the Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services.
A black and white cow standing in hay looks back at the camera.
A baby is sucking on a pacifier.
But Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than consider the possibility of murder.
Egyptians go to polls in historic election
A woman is handling a frog.
Remarks With Foreign Minister Koichiro Gemba
Smiling man with reflective classes.
West Ham beats Newcastle 2-0 in Premier League
Yahoo accounts for 159,354 of the BSD sites, with 152,054 from NTT/Verio and 129,378 from Infospace, the survey found.
He is suspected of being a key figure in Jemaah Islamiyah, the al-Qa'eda-linked terror group which has been blamed for the bombings.
US decries Pakistan doctor's fate
LOL Don't you have to take a test to drive a vehicle in the US?
Lower courts have splintered on the issue, allowing depictions of the Ten Commandments in some instances and not in others.
My motivation is that I like to look at things from their roots and go up.
A person is performing a card trick.
The new servers will run either Linux or the x86 version of Solaris, he said.
I reccomend "Monkey Grass" because it is like a slow growing weed that reproduces slowly and looks nice!
Three killed in Brazil stadium collapse
The two dogs were in the pen.
The other 24 members are split between representatives of the securities industry and so-called "public" board members.
A man seated is playing the cello.
Originally Posted by objectivism Not wishful thinking, rather realistic.
iranian parliamentary speaker gholam-ali haddad-adel visited cuba.
Afghan police kill 5 Taliban fighters
Tony Abbott Sworn In As Australia PM
70 retailers agree to new Bangladesh factory safety pact
A person in a blue shirt reclines near a coffee table and television.
Obama Urges Restraint from Israelis, Palestinians
These are interesting studies, but the bottom line is: yes, environment affects cognitive abilities.
She was the only woman employed as a warehouse worker and heavy equipment operator and the only woman in her Teamsters local.
a jockey riding a horse.
Islamist Morsi Wins Egypt's Presidential Election
A tan puppy on a carpeted floor.
A group of people sitting on a small sofa next to a kitchen.
Spain turning back the clock on siestas
A brown horse in a green field.
A county firefighter, was struck by lightning and was in stable condition at Frankfort Regional Medical Center.
A group of river barges with trees in the background.
Newark mayor rescues neighbor from burning house
The damaged area of the garage was not stable, with ``the real potential for a secondary collapse,'' McGreevey said.
So, you actually believe every word of what Terral wrote?
A cougar is chasing a bear.
A man is using a chainsaw to carve a wooden sculpture.
Looking to buy the latest Harry Potter?
Olivia Colman wins second BAFTA Award
This is a man riding a mountain bike over rocks on a clear day.
Japan closes last nuclear reactor
A man sits on a bed very close to a small television.
A passenger plane parked on a runway.
a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe.
A skunk is looking here and there.
England captain Andrew Strauss retires from professional cricket
"It was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces.
Israeli minister slams Kerry’s boycott warning
For what it's worth, dirt on the lens might not be as detrimental as you would think.
A woman fires a shotgun.
A group of four people in a dinner having cake.
Cars trapped in tunnel collapse outside Tokyo
Man Sets Himself on Fire on National Mall, Flown to Hospital
In a statement distributed today, 28 Chechen non-governmental organisations said they would boycott the vote and warned voters to expect fraud.
Oracle shares were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60.
Former Phipps aides Linda Saunders and Bobby McLamb have both pleaded guilty to federal charges including extortion.
A black and brown dog walks through the snow near a building.
The man is pushing the van.
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the protests, which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them.
A woman dances on a stage.
Virginia's ex-Gov. Bob McDonnell, wife charged with corruption
This is why I support the death penalty.
Boston police say 3 taken into custody in Marathon bombing
GPS systems can, and do, work everywhere you can get satellites.
Two cats are fighting each other.
Bin Laden's continuing sway shown in Kenya mall attack
A woman is in the rain.
A man is peeling an onion.
Apple buying security firm AuthenTec for $356 million
A group of men playing brass instruments.
The children want to swim.
Manchester United slashes price for US IPO
Hey, Blue-Eyes, How's things in London?
In addition, "fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques, the Justice Department said.
withdrawal from the treaty would allow russia to bolster forces near russian borders.
a close up head of an ostrich.
An hour later Israeli attack helicopters rained missiles on a car in Gaza City, killing seven people, Palestinian sources said.
Cannes thief 'steals $53m of jewels' in armed heist at hotel
Ratliff said he hopes to bring the two measures to the full Senate by Friday.
the treaty was amended in 1999 after the collapse of the soviet union.
A man is making a phone call.
A group of people are walking down the sidewalk of a big city.
An Esso gas station with trees in the background.
Z stalked him down, then shot him.
Israel releases 26 Palestinian prisoners
A cat and a ferret are playing.
A girl swings her long, wet hair in a lake.
I can think of three key factors that are quite logical conjectures.
A woman is riding a horse on a beach.
A woman is balling dough.
Janet Yellen to become first woman to lead the Federal Reserve
A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump.
Jerry Sandusky convicted of child sexual abuse
Stone notified Captain Lord.
A man is driving a car.
In 2001, President Bush named Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association board of directors.
Australian PM defiant under pressure over leadership
Well, it really depends on how long he was there, and the exact speed of the Fleet.
Obama made last-minute decision on Syria approval
Someone is chopping some cabbage leaves.
Iron Dome intercepts 17 rockets
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March that forced all but one of Yale's dining halls to close.
Hong Kong officials resume work as protests thin
The 21-year-old eagle, found by a zookeeper early Thursday, had severe puncture wounds to his abdomen and back, spokeswoman Julie Mason said.
You only need two-dimensional trigonometry if you know the distances to the two stars and their angular separation.
The two people have their heads covered with scarves.
Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment.
Bombings, clashes continue in Syria
Barbini said the EU may reach a compromise but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry has resisted.
A Global Crossing representative had no immediate comment.
Sandy slams into Northeast; at least 18 dead, 7.4M without power
the iranian government denied the accusation and insists the nuclear program is for peaceful purposes only.
wikipedia, as much as it is a supposedly self correcting medium, is not necessarily a definitive account of anything.
Two boys are playing flag football.
Several children and jumping on a trampoline in the snow.
Nigeria: Nigerian troops swarm after 40 killed in student massacre
It still makes no sense.
The surfer does a flip off of a wave.
Someone is playing paino.
Still, he noted that Miami must decide whether to seek A.C.C. membership by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
Microsoft's Surface a big bet on future: Analysts
The bottom line is that the video clip doesn't show a gas chamber.
If a statement is not provable an inconsistency or self-contradiction may or will develop that invalidates the system.
The woman is skating in the park.
A black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth.
Egypt orders arrest of Brotherhood chief Badie
The Rev. John Johnston, 64, was charged with aggravated harassment in the phone call case and with criminal possession of a weapon, according to a police statement.
A person is eating at a table.
Two dogs in snow.
More than 30 striking miners killed in South Africa
Jonny Bairstow and Eoin Morgan shine for England in Mumbai
A gun is being fired.
He then stabbed two passersby as he fled along a promenade by the Mediterranean Sea.
My answer to your question is "Probably Not".
A plane is landing.
A person is dicing a clove of garlic with a knife.
Muslims pray for end to divisions
This is still a representational form of gov't, but with a unique twist.
Two robots kiss.
Security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the Internet, sometimes posing as e-mail from the Microsoft founder.
Iran is also a signed of the NPT and the IAEA.
The woman is checking the eyes of the man.
Above that, seniors would be responsible for 100 percent of drug costs until the out-of-pocket total reaches $3,600.
china has so far balked against united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships.
The women are feeding the animal.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev charged in Boston Marathon bombing
The two women are playing a game.
Clinton warns Kenya on repeat of 2007 vote chaos
Egypt court turns down Mubarak's release request
Tenet has been under scrutiny since November, when former Chief Executive Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> advanced 11 points, or 1.25 percent, to 931.
Rangers voted into third division
Dell's Personal All-in-One A920 is an entry-level device that combines printer, scanner and copier functions for $89.
An airplane facing the camera.
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".
The MSN Messenger 6 software will be available from 11 a.m. PST on Wednesday, according to Microsoft.
Yahoo agrees to buy Tumblr for $1.1 billion cash
A white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water.
Bryant, 24, has been charged with felony sexual assault.
AstraZeneca pays $4.1bn to buy Bristol-Myers Squibb out of diabetes alliance
Prices had pulled back from offshore highs when the Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
A man rode a mechanical bull.
Obama to visit Korean DMZ
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.
Indian army kill 3 militants in Indian-controlled Kashmir
US drone strike kills three in northwest Pakistan
Food price hikes raise concerns in Iran
The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal.
Prince Charles 'compares Putin to Hitler'
Newspeak, a "deliberately impoverished" language designed to prevent people from communicating and thinking about subversive ideas.
A woman plays the clarinet.
A woman is pouring water on fish.
Scribner's body was found floating in the city's Portage Bay, where he lived with his wife in a houseboat.
Later Tuesday, Graham was expected to be re-elected for a second one-year term.
Bangladesh building collapse: death toll climbs to 580
Nelson Mandela taken to hospital
Former South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Sunday he did not see what "all the fuss" was over appointing a gay bishop, but urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.
The bishop told police he thought he had hit a dog or a cat or that someone had thrown a rock at his vehicle.
This year the Audubon Society once again hosts its annual Christmas Bird Count.
A bird picks up a plastic cup containing a liquid with it's beak and puts the cup into a bowl.
Commiting a crime in a gang is a crime.
A boy is rock climbing.
A women sitting in a chair at Christmas holding make up.
Diana and Fayed death info received new The deaths of Princess Diana and Dodi Al Fayed are being looked at again by police after they received information.
Classic crossword - Saturday 1st June
Bollywood cuts costs as rupee crisis bites
Two gray dogs run together over the green grass.
Israel bars German writer Grass from visiting over poem
Iran urges rapid release of diplomat
A man is dragging a dead deer.
A woman wearing large sunglasses holds newspapers in both hands.
The missing workers, two men and a woman, were inside the building when the first blast occurred, Mayor Joe T. Parker said.
"What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution," she said.
Semicolon is used to join sentences that can stand alone, but are joined to emphasize their relationship.
Mali Islamists destroying 'more Timbuktu shrines'
Yee is a 1990 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, New York.
Suspected US drone kills 6 militants in Yemen
A girl is tapping her finger nails.
A man is sky surfing on the water.
Two teenage girls, one is smiling.
When police removed the four from the home, they weighed 136 pounds combined.
This is indeed possible, but I haven't seen it done experimentally for reasons other than feasibility.
Hassoun to Mauritanian delegation: conspiracy imposed on Syria targets its stances, particularly over Palestine
JetBlue pilot who disrupted flight declared insane, not guilty
Protest against US drone strikes in Pak postponed
By Sunday night, the fires had blackened 277,000 acres, hundreds of miles apart.
Three dead, including gunman, in Maryland mall shooting
An older man stands outside a old boarded up building.
2 Indian traders stranded in China sent back home
The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 6.48, or 0.7 per cent, to 990.51.
It depends entirely on your company and your contract.
Iran hopes nuclear talks will yield 'roadmap'
A convicted killer and two other inmates cut through two fences topped with razor wire and escaped from a state prison on a busy street.
A target is being hit with gun fire.
The girl is standing as the other girl with glasses works on her hand painting.
A boy waves around a sparkler.
A man walking down the stairs.
A woman is lying in a raft.
Government of Canada Supports Montréal Women Leading Change
Details on pricing will be announced within a few weeks, McBride said.
The man is smashing garlic.
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports, he said.
Pakistani girls learn a hard lesson
A girl is taking a photo.
The dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
A sheep standing near her children.
Only 29 families of frogs are known, most of which were named by the mid-1800s.
5 killed, 50 injured in Pakistan blast
Suicide Bomber Kills 14 at Afghan Province Council
taking advantage has the effect of reinforcing.
The girl is very skilled and practices a lot.
Muslims prepare for start of Ramadan
A brown and white cow in a field looking into the camera.
Most people want not only to be WELL off, but to become BETTER off as time goes by.
A woman is chopping green onions.
His partner Bijan Darvish is charged with filing a false police report.
Could be a simple mistake.
Fish are swimming.
The 51-year-old nurse worked at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the latest outbreak.
Some cards are too slow to accept an HD stream, so you need one that is fast enough.
Stocks rise in early trading
We always put it crushed up in a bit of butter or on a sardine.
Indeed, Wolfowitz admitted Saturday that neither military action nor "large scale bribery" would solve the issue.
A woman is walking along a road and a man in a motorcar pulls up beside her.
US drone kills 16 in Pakistan
Tokyo stocks close up 0.13pc
Top Diplomats Meet in Munich at Critical Time
The matter could then be sent to the U.N. Security Council.
The others were given copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" and told to follow it.
the chinese government gave active cooperation and assistance to the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapons inspections.
Since this is a relatively new problem for behavioral researchers, I don't know that there is a common consensus.
They say second-quarter earnings reports will be key in giving investors that guidance.
A parrot is talking.
It depends on what you want to say/imply.
Pro-Russians forces enter Ukrainian naval base in Crimea
Today in History, Dec. 2
A girl is filing her nails.
The service will launch later this summer with 800 locations, and Sprint plans 2,100 locations by the end of the year.
As far as legality goes I can use jury nullification.
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.
The currency briefly weakened slightly on Monday to trade at 55.34/39, not far from its record low of 55.75.
Belarus, Latvia to set up border commission
A black and white cat lies in the dirt.
afriforum stated that the group would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe.
The Presidential Planner - The White House Science Fair
A line of scooters are parking in the middle of a street.
Time Turners were explicitly mentioned for use in going back in time.
Tropical storm heads for pass along Honduras coast
The last time the survey was conducted, in 1995, those numbers matched.
Neymar powers Brazil into last 16
Iran predicts failure of Israeli-Palestinian peace talks
A dog is watching a store counter.
My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified, become uncensored so the American people would know," Mr. Shelby said on NBC's "Meet the Press."
"We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing," said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.
Small boat going down a creek.
A brown and white dog is running across the grass.
Kangaroo eating.
Miss New York is crowned Miss America
Thousands of white-clad Amsterdammers march for MH17
Next, Baltimore took Nick Markakis, a left-handed pitcher and outfielder from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia.
World's oldest ever man dies aged 116
some officials stated the task would be difficult for asean members because of varied legal and political systems.
4 Killed in US Drone Strike in Pakistan
Entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the network's chokepoints and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them.
A laptop and a PC at a workstation.
Thursday morning, PeopleSoft's board rejected the Oracle takeover offer.
Erdogan's party aims for Turkish presidency
A large boat pulling a small white boat.
A women dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree.
It is possible, but it will have to be a docile female betta and a bigish tank.
Matt Smith quits BBC‚Äôs Doctor Who
A boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed.
He crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff, and walked some six miles down the canyon near Canyonlands National Park in southeastern Utah.
Manchester City win English Premier League title
Hackney shooting: Teenager Shereka Marsh 'bled to death after being shot in neck'
Russia says ballistic missiles fired in Mediterranean
Two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow.
Obama to sign up for Obamacare
Pakistan holds direct talks with Taliban
a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks.
djamel badaoui was sentenced to five years.
Boston bombing suspect identified on surveillance video, no arrest
Syria, opposition agree 'in principle' to attend peace conference
HRW: Jordan turning away Palestinian refugees from Syria
hong kong universities collaborate with universities, businesses and government sectors of mainland china to coordinate training programs and research centers to promote high-tech research, commercialization, and technology transfer.
Alhart said the governor "remains hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions."
A woman is preparing an egg in a skillet.
Judge OKs force-feeding California inmates
GM to start taking recall compensation claims Aug 1
russia's decision to suspend participation in the cfe is a step in the wrong direction.
indian defense ministry has increased spending on defense purchases.
A woman cuts up broccoli.
A man is working on his laptop.
Pope hits out at ‚Äėwar to sell arms‚Äô in Syria
A woman is grilling pineapples.
The exchange also said its five-person compensation committee will consist only of directors from outside the securities industry.
Rotate through square, lunges and calf raises doing each until you feel a little burn.
Mom and baby among five killed as tornadoes rake Oklahoma City area
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
Argentine Guillermo Coria and Netherlander Martin Verkerk are in the other half.
A small orange and white dog with a collar and a bell relaxes on a flower print pillow.
Powell is serving time in a different case -- killing his landlady in 1982.
That exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4.
The 25 percent hike takes annual UC undergraduate tuition to $4,794 and graduate fees to $5,019.
A woman is applying eye makeup.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points, or 0.47 percent, to 9,543, after scoring five consecutive up sessions.
The primary focus of Systematic Dialectics is syn chronic, not dia chronic.
The animal with the big eyes is eating.
The man is seasoning the vegetables.
How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Did Wednesday
violence continues despite conflicting opinion on the extent of damage suffered by the rebel groups.
Iran backs proposal for meeting on Syria conflict
This is an increase from the $22.5 million and 5 cents a share previously forecast.
No, it's not a good thing.
Libya abruptly closes its borders with four countries
North Korea deports detained US war veteran
Syria agrees to surrender chemical weapons
Mandela back in hospital in ‚Äėserious but stable‚Äô condition
An Asian toddler girl sits next to a pot of flowers on a marble post.
You guys are making this all WAAAAAY too complicated.
I once met a physicists who held the strong AI position.
Japan marks one year since quake and tsunami disaster
A baby tiger is playing with a ball.
A small child is drinking water from a cup.
the ensuing battle and airstrikes killed at least 10 militants.
Iraq violence kills seven
Brazil leader breaks silence about protests
Hawaii passes gay marriage bill
The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.
shingarev said it is very difficult to make a nuclear weapon from the plutonium in this fuel.
Martin, 58, will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras.
Iraq suicide bomber kills at least 12
A couple are running towards the ocean.
Gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying Olvera with pepper spray.
Spot gold was quoted at $367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, having marched up to $369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10.
someone is slicing a vegetable.
A small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks.
A dog shaking water off.
Six dead in Philippine restaurant blast
A man in a dress suit is riding a bike down the paved road.
Pressing one does send a tone.
An elderly man is getting into a red car.
I have seen UFO over Warsaw in the past.
Cadbury Schweppes plc plans to cut 5500 jobs and shut factories after a 4.9 billion ($A11.9 billion) acquisition spree over the past three years inflated costs.
There are four people outside.
Russian TV reports foiled attempt on Putin
Scores 'killed' in Boko Haram raid in Nigeria
Neither Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van De Velde nor Morgan could be reached for comment.
Zimmerman acquitted in slaying
One dead, 8 missing in Vietnam boat accident
A man and two women dressed in costumes.
NATO says North Korea nuclear test is grave threat to world peace
The man is driving a white car.
Rogers, Videotron reach network-sharing, spectrum deal
The men are talking.
In afternoon trading, Aspen's shares were off 89 cents or more than 27 percent at $2.33 per share.
Ebola UK: NHS staff 'panicked' after suspected Ebola cases
FBI audio expert testifies in Zimmerman trial
Norway memorial honours 77 massacre victims
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, faces multiple counts of burial service fraud, making false statements, abuse of a dead body and theft.
Wal-Mart estimates more than 100 million Americans visit their stores every week.
Nutrax The plural of anecdote is not data
a small bird sitting on a branch in winter.
At least 60 die in Iraq prison attack
A man chases a dog trying to pass the barrier to enter a play area.
A brown dog and two black dogs in an overgrown grassy field.
A policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city.
I don't think we have a solid theory of mammal speciation.
Shares closed on NASDAQ just below their 52-week high, at $32.17, up $1.54.
A man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach.
The part of economics that is most like physics is called microeconomics.
A person grates a potato into a bowl.
zhang yan stated that all countries should abide by non-proliferation obligations in order to enhance mutual trust and create a sound environment for international cooperation in nuclear energy.
Redford addresses PC convention ahead of leadership review
Israeli forces arrest 21 Palestinians overnight, clash with locals
Avengers sets box office record
The perception of Spain has changed dramatically with this government
general nikolai n. urakov stated by telephone that the state scientific center of applied microbiology has quite reliable systems of protection in case of emergency.
Chicago Shooting Shows Gap in Stepped-up Policing
The black dog is lying in the grass.
A man and a woman is kissing each other.
Several thousand 3rd Infantry troops, including the 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week.
I have the same problem.
Assange to appeal extradition to UK's top court
Chinese stocks close higher Thursday
When I needed a travel tripod, I also opted for a Trekpod.
A small black dog is in the grass.
Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists confronted a dozen South Korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the North outside the main media centre.
Forum urges stable relations for China, Japan
Only New Jersey now bans holders of learners permits or intermediate licenses from using cell phones, pagers or other wireless devices while driving.
Amnesty International has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq but the actual figure may be much higher.
Olympics Opening Ceremony A Hit Around Globe
A group of people are ice skating in a big city.
P.G. police seeking driver in crash that killed child
The four women are practicing for a upcoming match.
A woman is placing skewers onto a rack.
A man is pouring chili into a bowl.
Garner said self-proclaimed Baghdad mayor Mohammed Mohsen Zubaidi was released 48 hours after his detention in late April.
Someone is playing guitar.
Navy jet crashes into Virginia apartments,9 hurt
A couple slow dances.
Brown and white cows are eating from a trough.
Except that it wasn't.
A man with a top hat riding a white horse.
Forex &amp; Gold 6 March 2013
A group of people are nervous about crossing the water.
A dog shaking off water.
UN chief condemns attack against peacekeepers in Mali
Day begins amid panic
Top Chinese political advisor meets Yemeni president
A man and woman sit on a park bench.
Person in grassy field tending to sheep.
Egypt: IPI Urges Release of Al Jazeera Journalist Arrested in Berlin
I don't like many flavored drinks.
A man is spreading out dough.
Sarkozy to File Complaint in Gadhafi Funding Claim
Iran, world powers begin new round of nuclear talks
Thousands flock to Amsterdam for Queen's Day
2 young girls are sitting in front of a bookcase and 1 is reading a book.
US stocks slip on Wall Street as Greek talks drag on
A dog is pulling a child down a hill.
Kids are dancing on stage.
My experience is that a normal taxi is always cheaper.
Punjab Mail derails near Rohtak, 19 injured
A group of people having a drink.
Yucaipa bought Dominick's in 1995 for $693 million and sold it to Safeway for $1.8 billion in 1998.
Two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.
Science fiction legend Ray Bradbury dead at 91
The girl is playing the guitar.
A man is playing his guitar at Joe's Cafe.
north korea is a reclusive state.
As of yesterday, the total number of National Guard and Reserve troops called to duty worldwide stood at 154,603.
Storm death toll rises as wind, rain batters north. Europe
A girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt.
As others have said if you want to get to Split the best public transport offering is by bus.
The woman is slicing herbs.
Protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev
Putin 'Wins Russian Presidential Election'
A man is loading a rifle with bullets.
mobile world congress future smartphone
do you have anything to make it less compelling or not?
vietnam has among the world's harshest drug laws.
A man is mooing.
A brown and white dog is leaping over a log in a field while another dog follows behind it.
The U.S. Capitol was evacuated yesterday after authorities detected a possibly hazardous material in the basement of the Senate wing, Capitol Police said.
A man playing the violin in the rain.
A woman is carrying a wallaby in a bag.
46 Indian nurses stranded in Iraq return home
WORLD No. 2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused the Association of Tennis Professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
a man playing a white guitar and singing as well
Car Bomb Kills 37 in Northwest Pakistan
Israel Approves New Settlement Homes Ahead of Peace Talks
A closeup of a hummingbird flying.
china is an important force for promoting world development.
Two people walking along the shore at sunset.
A brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings.
While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment from beneath the concrete slab Thursday, but it turned out to be an animal bone, authorities said.
Attack kills 12 in Afghanistan
A group of people stand together and pose in front of a house.
Halliburton shares fell 54 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $21.76 a share in midday New York Stock Exchange trade.
The movement of the ball in the air is called swing bowling.
Shares of EDS closed Thursday at $18.51, up 6 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.
North Korea blocks access to joint industrial zone
A black dog runs fast into shallow water.
Bahrain Grand Prix Underway Amid Protests
The man cut a paper plate.
Israel says it carried out joint missile test with US in Mediterranean
Who will succeed Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai is not clear.
He was voluntarily castrated in 2001, an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused.
A monkey is karate kicking a person.
A man is fitting silencer on a pistol.
KLCI Futures traded mixed at mid-day
Dell's OpenManage software includes Dell Update Packages with SMS to help automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches with a single tool.
Malaysia Airlines plane crashes on Ukraine-Russia border - live
Mr Bush arrives on Tuesday on the first state visit by an American President.
The reason for this is that Russian is a much more tonal language than English.
N Korea hit with new US sanctions
Fierce clashes in east Syria as US pushes peace talks
Two men are playing guitar.
Business news and markets: as it happened, April 17, 2013
You will also want to remove the seeds.
McCloskey died Sunday afternoon in his home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer.
Speed of light being finite is one of the fundamentals of our Universe.
Three al Qaeda suspects arrested in Spain
There are some who feel like the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $2.9 billion.
Mandela spends third day in hospital
Crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 in Eastern Ukraine
The little dog barked at the electronic toy.
The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
mexican president felipe calderon has sent 2800 special agents and soldiers to sinaloa to fight drug trafficking.
A woman is slicing some tomatoes.
North, South Korea hold rare talks
This is the Moloch scene.
6.9 magnitude earthquake hits New Zealand
The proportion of people covered by employers dropped from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent last year.
Al Qaeda clashes, blasts kill 35 soldiers in Yemen
US files espionage charges against Snowden over leaks
8 dead, 11 missing in SW China landslide
My opinion is to wait until the child itself expresses a desire for this.
35 militants killed in Afghan raids: official
Liberal ElBaradei named Egypt PM, Islamists cry foul
A pug dog wits on a yellow chair next to a green dumpster.
Scenario A assumes that the CO growth rate accelerates by .%/yr.
How to do that?
US Military Deaths in Afghanistan at 2,153
Until now, sales of the entertainment-oriented PCs have been limited to the United States, Canada and Korea.
China's new stealth frigate commissioned
Embassies staying put in N. Korea despite tension
At one of the three sampling sites at Huntington Beach, the bacteria reading came back at 160 on June 16 and at 120 on June 23.
The American decision provoked an angry reaction from the European Commission, which described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful".
Thai protesters launch Bangkok 'shutdown'
A person wearing a bike helmet talks on a cell phone.
A close-up picture of a white and purple motorcycle.
I don't think the burden of proof is on positive or negative versions.
Three children are eating their food.
The quarterlies usually stay in stores for between six to eight weeks," Carney added.
Muslim Brotherhood supporters die in Egypt clashes
There's not that much that you can do with a sourdough starter.
Miami Heat wins NBA Finals
Palestinian teen dies of wounds sustained in Israeli shooting
A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down.
SCO says the pricing terms for a license will not be announced for weeks.
Two brown dogs biting each other on sand.
A man is stirring juice.
Sierra Leone in Ebola lockdown
Those talks have not taken place, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
And I really liked him, and I still do.
In Vienna, the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set.
Israel agrees to free 104 Palestinian prisoners
A man an woman are dancing in the rain.
1 Killed in Bangladesh Protest
iran has noticeably increased the number of executions in recent months as officials enforce a campaign aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in
Syria military police chief defects to opposition
north korean officials are suspected of building nuclear weapons.
Three people are by the water with yellow canoes.
Two men compete in a tire rolling race.
in early may 2002 the philippines, malaysia and indonesia signed an agreement to share terrorism intelligence.
Two dogs play in the snow.
The girl is slicing an onion.
Swimmers are racing in a lake.
Two women standing outside of a bus.
A man blowing a large bubble.
Telemarketing Associates, hired by VietNow, raised $7.1 million from 1987 to 1995.
Actor Ben Gazzara dies at 81
5 people buried in Colorado avalanche
Friends walk into a building
Mugabe declared winner of disputed elections
A woman is climbing a rock face.
The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
The rule - When in doubt throw it out!
The man without a shirt is jumping.
A girl poses with her head upside down.
Healthcare They would probably reject your implied claim that Obama's healthcare law will save lives.
vietnam has among the world's strictest drug laws.
Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.
The man set up his camera to take sunset pictures at the beach.
Two beige dogs play in the grass.
Joy to the World We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
49 killed, 148 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq
a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach
A man is eating.
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday it will take time to locate die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq.
A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk.
What are your goals?
Westgate attackers spent four months planning in Nairobi, says official
a girl with vases in the background inside her house
A general rule of thumb is every 5-6 hours of skating.
Schiphol airport evacuated due to bomb threat
Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.
We in Britain think differently to Americans.
a black and white cow in hay.
A man and a woman walk through the woods.
A person makes fire.
South Korean Soldier Kills Comrades And Flees
Gunman among 7 dead after Fla. apartment shootout
Dozens of Morsi supporters killed in Egypt clashes
House with a red door.
Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course.
In early trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 39.94, or 0.4 percent, at 8,945.50, having slipped 3.61 points Monday.
Corixa's stock barely flinched on the news, dipping 12 cents to close at $6.88.
A man is slicing cucumber with a knife.
The dead woman was also wearing a ring and a Cartier watch.
A woman is about to paint.
Oil slips below $108 ahead of Iran nuclear talks
resolution 1540 requires all countries to adopt laws to prevent non-state actors from manufacturing, acquiring or trafficking in nuclear, biological or chemical weapons, the materials to make them, and the missiles and other systems to deliver them.
Gagne struck out two in a perfect ninth inning for his 23rd save.
Two dairy cows drinking from a pond.
A young boy with his hair standing up, is sliding down a blue slide
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship in the ocean.
Terri Schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father, Bob Schindler.
Jenni Rivera, Mexican music star, dies in plane crash
Firefighters battling scrub fire in Hokianga
Rich Media interactive ad formats doubled their share from 3% in second quarter of 2002, to 6% in the second quarter of 2003.
I said YOU had gotten soft.
A 62-year-old West Babylon man has contracted the West Nile virus, the first human case in Suffolk County this year, according to the county health department.
Obama in ‚Äėdirect‚Äô confrontation with Putin on Ukraine
Paper is being cut with scissors.
Someone is putting ingredients into a wok.
During 2001 and 2002, Morgenthau said, wire transfers from just four of Beacon Hill's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion.
Dogs in a race.
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, also faces charges of abuse of a body, and theft.
the cfe treaty was signed in 1990.
A girl with a red bag standing on the street.
the chinese government has strictly censored china's chemical imports and exports according to the law in recent years.
Obama praises U.S.-Latin America trade ties
Israeli troops kill Palestinian in West Bank raid
Rosberg emulates father with Monaco win
Snowden Hits Hurdles in Search for Asylum
Double Jeopardy actually enforces a jury nullification.
"I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic," Health Minister Jean-Francois Mattei said on France Inter radio.
A man is cutting a mat.
Factbox: What to look for in Obama's State of the Union speech
Roy Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stood accused but unrepentant Wednesday in the same courtroom he recently presided over.
Trouble flared when at least four North Korean reporters rushed from the Taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the North.
Someone is playing with a toad.
Gov. Rick Perry opposes expansion of gambling but has said he would be "hard-pressed" to veto the lottery sunset bill.
Rich media doubled its share, increasing from 3% in Q2 2002 to 6% in Q2 2003.
6.7-magnitude earthquake jolts Taiwan: CENC
The lady cracked two raw eggs.
Two British soldiers killed by Afghan policeman
Dozens killed in Kenyan clashes
Heavy Fighting Reported in Syria's Aleppo
Three women are sitting near a wall.
executive director of the arms control association in washington daryl kimball stated that-- the iaea report is 1 in a series of bad signs.
The wood probably isn't rotten, it's just worn out.
Apple Computer's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation, the company said Monday.
Million Muppet March planned to defend U.S. backing for PBS
Joran Van Der Sloots Plans To Get Married In Peru Prison
FAA continues ban on US flights to Tel Aviv
Houston Texans head coach Gary Kubiak hospitalized after collapsing at game
Japan defends dolphin hunt after US criticism
The longer you can leave the seed-heads on the plant the better (IMHO).
I've located an article that might be of some help: http://www.dsattorney.com/qa-pseudonyms-in-contracts/
He was released on $3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.
A dog is carrying a man in a canoe.
North, South Korea agree to talks
Egypt army cracks down on Brotherhood
The department ordered a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds, the state's largest insurer, and an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds, the third-largest.
I wood have at least asked if a threesome was out of the question.
'Palestinian Prime Minister Fayyad resigns'
Oklahoma examines what went wrong in botched execution
The mosquitoes posts.
The man is playing the drums.
Someone is pouring oil into a skillet.
Mauritanian president shot at
A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs
Mumbai Indians puts T&T in its place
France warns Syria over chemical weapons use
Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.
If you answer yes to  and no to  you are probably straight.
An animal is walking on the ground.
Originally Posted by anabelle What's wrong with that?
Oracle shares fell 27 cents, or 2 percent, to $13.09.
Sudanese protesters demand the regime's ouster
A woman is talking on a telephone.
Greece bond exchange the largest debt restructuring in history
State police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed.
Polls close in Senegal's presidential election
You will want to clean the area first.
Three young girls walk down a sidewalk.
A cat is swinging on a fan.
You pretty much answered your own question.
But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.
World powers, Iran under Rouhani revive nuclear talks
A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar.
A dog running through the woods.
A brown dog squating on grass.
Santorum's 3-year-old daughter hospitalized
A woman is slicing a potato.
in 2002 japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi attended an summit in north korea with north korean leader kim jong il.
The cat is laying on an animal print blanket.
general nikolai n. urakov is the longtime director of the the state scientific center of applied microbiology.
Algeria president gets therapy after stroke: state media
There are a few minimally-effective things you can do at the personal level.
'No Evidence' In Afghanistan Massacre Case
A woman and a man embrace while watching a horror movie.
Two year doping ban for Contador
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
Woman dies after cliff collapses in Dorset
A woman is reading a lifestyle magazine.
A man runs with a truck.
Freedom of speech has consequences!
A onion is being chopped.
There is a couple outdoors.
Sandusky found guilty in child sex abuse trial
A man is kayaking in rough waters.
Hong Kong stocks close 2.33% higher
Egypt's military cracks down on Muslim Brotherhood
A man is slicing garlic.
South Korean soldiers kill man trying to cross border into North
Two kids push an inflatable crocodile around in a pool.
A woman is playing the violin.
Someone is playing piano.
I was going to the court believing I could do this, only if I played my best tennis.
The jury awarded TVT about $23 million in compensatory damages and roughly $108 million in punitive damages.
A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.
A woman is slicing some vegetables.
There are a few things I don't understand:
A man and two boys are bouncing on a trampoline.
A man is rowing a boat.
Joe Kernan, who had been lieutenant governor for the past seven years, was sworn in as governor after O'Bannon died Saturday.
Total shipments reached 19.5 million units last year, compared with 8.9 million units in 2001.
China's yuan weakens to 6.2767 against USD Thursday
Stock futures edge higher, all eyes on Fed
Young couple sitting on a black couch.
Two roosters are fighting.
Mr. McCall, who ran unsuccessfully for governor of New York in 2002, styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
North Korea reportedly test-fires short-range missiles
A woman is slicing a leek.
19 killed, 42 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq
A woman addressing a diverse group of people standing in the street.
Manuel and his group entered the US the same way thousands of people do every day, by walking across the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville.
occupied Palestinian territory: Palestinians Face a Route to Nowhere
A group of people sit at a table in an Italian restaurant.
Soldier 'can't recall' massacre
Europe shares bounce as more China stimulus seen
the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch.
A woman is frying fish.
a black dog swimming through a river.
Indonesia police shoot dead suspected militants in Bali
A woman is slicing some tuna.
Let us assume the data for a globular cluster to be equivalent to that of M13.
One white boy and one black boy stand with arms around each other.
Rouhani leads in Iran presidential vote - preliminary results
a black and white dog running through some red and white poles
"I'm still not red-hot favourite," Hewitt said after battling to down Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.
Red grapes and blueberries boost immune system, scientists say
Home Depot reported a 22 percent jump in third-quarter profit behind a nearly 8 percent rise in same-store sales.
A baby is laughing and giggling.
Hezbollah targets Qaeda gathering along border with Syria
A busy city square in an asian country.
The Recording Industry Association of America says it plans to sue the song traders next month.
the area near town of mirjaveh has been the scene of frequent conflicts between iranian police and drug smugglers.
The most extensive Vulcan language was made by fans in the 60's, especially by linguist Dorothy Jones Heydt.
Cambodia opposition head turns to parliament in poll bid
The skinny cows are standing on the grass.
Twelve killed in bomb blast on Pakistani train
Death toll from Philippine earthquake rises to 185
China stock index futures close lower -- April 23
The military said it had killed 12 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, for the loss of six soldiers wounded.
The man is riding a horse.
"Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes, warming us up for the punchline.
Israel shoots down drone from Lebanon
Hope is survived by his wife; sons Anthony and Kelly; daughters Linda and Nora Somers; and four grandchildren.
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.
Three televisions, on on the floor, the other two on a box.
A woman lifts weights.
"I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California, and I'm looking forward to it."
In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 advanced and Britain's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent, while Germany's DAX index rose 0.6 percent.
China stocks end higher on PMI at midday
Raiders kill 38 in latest land clashes in Kenya
U.S. judge approves force-feeding Californian inmates on hunger strik
The boy is riding a tricycle.
Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth.
It is the highest reading since the index was created in August 1997.
A orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair.
The woman is jumping a long distance while people watch.
Officials with Torch and JetBlue did not respond to repeated phone calls from the Mercury News seeking comment.
A man is carrying a tree.
is even worse than talking about it and not doing anything.
Kardashian Divorce Ready for Trial
A man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.
A man is slicing a carrot by a machine.
Originally Posted by SolInvictus Ah.
A woman, in a kitchen, peels a lemon.
A dog running through a forest in the winter time
French forces attack al-Qaeda's Mali allies
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she was on vacation with her family, but is expected to return this week.
On Wednesday, attendees will vote on resolutions that express the Southern Baptist view on issues, but are not binding on individual churches.
X'mas cruise passengers hit by Norovirus
The girl is tiding up her bed.
Dynes came to UC San Diego in 1991 after 22 years as a physicist with AT&T Bell Labs.
The couple danced in the church.
The man is slicing bread.
I have been doing a lot of my outlining/pre-writing work in Workflowy.
A person is walking down a stone path.
Woman killed by falling debris
A man and a woman are posing for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed.
The child's bike got wet.
Two cartoon rabbits are kissing.
10 killed in road accident in NW Pakistan
A boy wearing a red shirt runs across the grass with a furry dog.
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices might have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals made up for it.
Women are running.
The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC.
The Sunshine Group LTD represented the developers, The Related Companies and Apollo Real Estate Advisors LP, on the deal.
Mailblocks was founded five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $425 million.
The man is peeling an apple.
Quotations of the day
There is no war in the Middle east.
And all of the samples contained molecules that can only be produced when cholesterol interacts with ozone.
Japan Election: Shinzo Abe Hails Landslide Win
They will not elect as president a Democrat who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."
It is safe to say that body posture plays a big role in all languages.
A woman is cutting onions.
The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.
The lady poured the rice pudding into a bowl.
A woman is mixing an egg in a bowl.
Sovereign's shares lost 74 cents, or 4.5%, to $15.68.
Dogs are swimming in a pool.
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate group.
A woman cuts up a vegetable.
You have to find out what works for you.
A man is seasoning some dough in a pan.
A man is drawing some figures.
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.
Suicide bombs hit Egypt military in Sinai, kill 4
The Portuguese weather service said Europe's heatwave was caused by a mass of hot, dry air moving from the southeast.
Powerful 7.6 quake strikes off Solomons
Music industry mourns Whitney Houston
last week russia announced that it will suspend participation in the cfe.
Yes, it is possible to publish a paper on model analysis.
The consensus among Wall Street analysts was for a loss of 28 cents a share.
A seated young woman in a hat is reading at a coffee shop.
Two white dogs are walking through deep white snow.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 164 points, or 1.91 percent, to 8,765.38, brushing its highest levels since mid-January.
The prices of everything you own IE assets have gone down.
A man is speaking on a phone.
The remaining 1,557 genes are believed to be all functional.
Nearly nine million people in 'severe debt'
A man is adding oil to car.
The man cut down a tree with an axe.
A boy is singing and playing the piano.
Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately.
The life expectancy for boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years, up two years since 1990.
Tikrit is Saddam Hussein's hometown and the region around it is known as a hotbed of Baath Party supporters and former high-ranking Iraqi military officials.
Philippines typhoon death toll feared to hit 7,000
NATO strike kills 11 Afghan children
I would personally beware of the Motley Fool.
Death toll in Lebanon bombings rises to 47
A boy plays violin on stage.
A dog is laying on the floor.
A man is cleaning the windows.
Ford didn't accept taxpayer money to save the company.
Gyorgy Heizler, head of the local disaster unit, said the coach was carrying 38 passengers.
religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups.
NATO helicopter makes hard landing in E. Afghanistan
A silver car parked on the side of the road in front of the hills.
A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.
Three dead in US marathon bomb
members of the proliferation security initiative are considering ways of intercepting ships or aircraft suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction.
Different sets of teams are playing football on a field.
A man is looking at a computer monitor.
Two dogs running on grass.
Timelapse of Costa Concordia operation
KL shares lower at mid-morning
Sources say agents confiscated "several" documents he was carrying.
Hundreds honor student killed in Ohio shooting
With the Expose feature, all open windows shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
A woman drives a golf cart.
Suicide bomber kills guard at US embassy in Turkey
A man is swinging on a rope above the water.
A small animal is chewing on a finger.
People who have opposed these actions throughout are now trying to find fresh reasons to say this wasn't the right thing to do."
President Obama warns Russia to stay out of Ukraine
A young child is riding a horse.
Polar bear DNA 'may help fight obesity'
A dog swimming in a pond
Someone is rinsing a large beef steak at the kitchen sink.
Prime Minister to seek nuclear deal, investments during Japan visit
Pakistani Plane Crashes With 130 People On Board
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.
BlackBerry loses US$965m in Q2
It's a good idea.
A man in a white shirt and black pants is smiling.
Van der Sloot to Marry in Prison
A person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows.
A woman is feeding her baby with a bottle.
Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year.
In the opinion, Kline noted that it is illegal for children that young to have sexual relations.
Transcript reveals confusion over evacuation of South Korean ferry
A young girl is sitting on Santa's lap.
Two bald eagles perched on a branch.
no other drug has become as integral in decades.
Smith said simply "Oh, my God," in the seconds afterward, according to Weinshall.
The woman is slicing green onions.
Roadside bombs kill 5 in Afghanistan
Mars rover collects first bedrock sample
UNICEF calls for immediate safe access to women, children in Homs
Research does indicate that sleeping after studying is a pretty good rule-of-thumb.
A plane in the sky.
Crimean Parliament Votes to Join Russia
A person is mixing a pot of rice.
Toll from India building collapse hits 25
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
Philippines defers comment on Taiwan fisher attack
Wave of bombings kills 15 in Iraq
Such a step could put the issue before the UN Security Council.
warned that russia would withdraw from the treaty if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version.
As to would I kill  person to save , I have no idea.
Maldives begins to vote in controversy-ridden presidential poll
A woman is pouring egg into a frying pan.
A red and blue plane flying with its landing gears down.
What conviction would that be?
a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth.
A woman is cutting broccoli.
The agency will "consider as timely any tax returns or payments due" Aug. 15 if they are submitted by Aug. 22.
Druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.
Ashya's Parents Arrive For Extradition Hearing
A part of the question thusfar unattended is whether the concept of phoneme has always been contentious.
Man quizzed over Megan-Leigh murder
Palestinian diplomat dies in Prague blast
Queen to name biggest ever carrier
BlackBerry loses $965M in 2nd quarter
Two dogs and one cat sitting on couch.
iran is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china.
In 2001 and 2002, wire transfers from 4 of the company's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion, prosecutors said.
Obama and Romney take stage for first debate
Afghan legislators approve new election law
A blue bird perches on the gloved hand of a person.
BlueCore3 also implements v1.2's eSCO facility to provide the basis for advanced cordless telephony applications for Bluetooth transmission.
A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains.
MDC spokesperson Paul Themba Nyathi said the Avenues Clinic was targeted because it was handling opposition supporters.
Mr Colpin did not specify whether it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
Protesters swamp streets to reclaim revolution
Net revenue rose to $3.99 billion from $3.85 billion during the same quarter last year.
A young boy coloring with a red and blue crayon.
A woman is coating a pork chop.
A kitten is drinking milk from a bowl.
NATO Soldier Killed in Afghanistan
The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp.
Obama meets Mandela family as icon remains in hospital
A dog is running through a pond
A dog is licking a baby.
A woman is sitting at a desk.
Revenues for "The Hulk" came in well below those of last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, "X2: X-Men United," which grossed $85.6 million in its opening weekend.
With the Expose (ex-poh-SAY) feature, all the open windows on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin (Wed.
There is also a Youtube-Version of the film.
UK spends £3m on foreign prisons
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.
"There is the real potential for a secondary collapse," Gov. James McGreevey said.
The woman is playing the flute.
Calico cat sitting on step in front of a door.
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Nov 21
That's what I find curious.
A woman is dancing near a fire.
The dollar dropped to $1.1564 per euro at 7:30 a.m. in London from $1.1486 on Friday.
Dignitaries pay tribute to Paul Desmarais
The boy is doing a stunt, through the air, on his bicycle.
The system is priced from US$1.1 million to $22.4 million, depending on configuration.
The sale represents about 52 per cent of the 115.9 million shares Mr Turner held at the end of April.
Major fire breaks out in JK secretariat in Srinagar
You will be hard pressed to find scientific studies that answer these questions with any certainty.
Two boys are talking on the phone.
Putin Declares Victory in Russia Presidential Vote
A dog running across the snow with a snowball in it's mouth.
France warns of extremists benefiting from Egypt violence
It really depends on the school and the program.
Egypt launches offensive against Sinai insurgents
BBC director general resigns over 'shoddy journalism'
A woman walks her dog down the street.
At least 63 dead in Pakistan factory blaze
The district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation.
A person is chopping coriander leaves.
capital offenses in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, serious drug trafficking and adultery.
Two dogs running through a field.
A woman is dancing to music standing near a bonfire.
A dog has a sweater on.
A boy is playing a key-board between the people.
Police spokesman Brig. Gen. Edward Aritonang confirmed Saturday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.
A person walks a dog along the water's edge.
Blond boy jumping onto deck.
A skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera.
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks.
the mexican government has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crime within mexico since 2006.
Russian air force's 100th anniversary
Israel downs drone from Lebanon
North Korean leader sends 'special envoy' to China
I had a similar issue but in what seemed to be a simpler situation.
China Bo Xilai trial in fourth day
A key player in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's corruption scheme testified on Tuesday about kickbacks and bribes Silvester traded for state business.
US Airways Flight 5481, which crashed Jan. 8, was judged to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.
18 killed, 108 wounded in wave of bombings in Iraq
A group of four people walking past a giant mushroom.
US drone strike 'kills 4 militants in Pakistan'
Zimmerman pulled over in Texas for speeding, given warning
A blonde woman looks for medical supplies for work in a suitcase.
A woman is folding paper.
Lord Palumbo offers hope for a relationship with his son James
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
NATO soldier killed in Afghan attack
One thing you seem to be forgetting regarding myths, is they are extremely prevalent stories.
Clashes erupt as Greek vote nears
A little girl is playing on a toy outdoors.
Voting canceled in three provinces in tense Thai election
A woman dances while a man plays the keyboard.
The baby is laughing and crawling.
A black and white photo of a woman showing a horse.
WebTV was sold to Microsoft in 1997 for $425 million and today is called MSN TV.
A bird is flapping its wings in the water.
John Cavan has some reasonable and appropriate methods for increasing a rabbits weight in his answer.
Yes, there is a reason for it.
the countries oppose the weaponization of space and an arms race in space.
Dozens killed in Laos plane crash
A man climbs a rope.
Sources within the racing industry have told the Daily Bulletin that Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
Singapore stocks close 0.4% higher
Explosion near Damascus military airport
The company also said it would cut wholesale prices on cassettes and change the suggested retail price to $8.98.
Eurozone unemployment stays at record 11 percent
Should I just tell her how I feel?
A boy looking at a computer screen.
What was my opinion of Firefly in the interim?
Pataki praised Abraham's decision, and LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said the cable should be kept in operation permanently.
French train derails south of Paris
Mohamed Morsi sworn in as Egypt's President
the agreement aimed to establish a wider cooperation covering national security and the fight against global terrorism.
6 killed in Mexico ‘monster truck’ crash
the book states that the drug conveys a completely positive image.
The cow is grazing in a field.
A pregnant woman is in labor
Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation.
New Zealand legalizes same-sex marriage
Above that, Medicare would pay 90 percent of all drug costs.
South Korea Ferry Crew Members Stand Trial
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.
A man is eating a piece of bread.
Three men are practicing karate moves in a field.
He was tracked to Atlanta where he was arrested on Tuesday night.
3 Chinese tourists killed in Pakistan
Syria's PM escapes assassination try, regime says
The girls danced on the stage.
International forensic teams join Kenyan mall carnage probe
His dissent was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas.
US soldier kills up to 16 civilians in Afghanistan
A turtle walks over the ground.
Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.
Iran, sextet to resume expert talks
Now, Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.
Miodrag Zivkovic, the leader of the pro-independence opposition Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
3 suspected extremists were released on bail.
A woman is pouring ingredients in a bowl.
A man riding on a bicycle by side of building.
Commerce secretary to take leave of absence
Since you've already accepted a nicely sourced answer, I'll contribute some unsubstatiated tradition (i.e.
A woman is resting in a floating raft.
The woman is pouring oil into the pan.
A group of men walk and hang onto ropes.
You are a Christian.
NATO troops killed in Afghan 'insider attack'
East Harlem explosion death toll rises
A woman is dancing, and singing.
A woman is pouring a yellow mixture on a frying pan.
"She was crying and scared,' said Isa Yasin, the owner of the store.
It is priced at $5,995 or $195 on a per user licensing plan with a minimum of five users.
the man is catching a ball
The company said it would cut the wholesale price of most top-line CDs to $9.09 from $12.02.
Brendsel and chief financial officer Vaughn Clarke resigned June 9.
Police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo
A dog has an orange ball in its mouth.
Shiites make up 20 percent of the country's population.
A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone.
Rock Bands' Plane Makes Emergency Landing in Ill.
Funeral of MH17 victim Liam Sweeney takes place in Newcastle
But in the end, all the worm did was visit a pornography site, said Vincent Weafer, a security director with Symantec Security Response in California.
Panda's play on a swing.
Also weighing on the market was news that General Motors GM.N planned to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
A man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car.
Men competing in a contest.
Sometimes I fantasize about having power.
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on August 18
A boy studies a calendar.
A woman is painting her lips.
Obama calls for international front against IS
A person is playing the piano.
Former British PM Margaret Thatcher dies at 87
To no extent at all is the wars in the middle east caused by trade making the area heterogeneous.
Thomas Cook accused of putting costs before customers
Some 34.7 million shares have been tendered, Oracle said in a statement.
Winter Storm Janus: State-by-State...
I did this one time as well.
Sachin Tendulkar's reaches 100 centuries - in pictures
Al-Qaida says it captures 70 Yemeni soldiers in Abyan's battle
The case comes out of Illinois and involves a for-profit company called Telemarketing Associates Inc.
A man pours oil into a pot.
Trade: Pakistan, India agree to take it a step ahead
As in Russian, Polish marks animate masculine nouns by having a genitive-accusative vs. the nominative-accusative of inanimate masculines.
"Fins" on real spacecraft are usually for one of two purposes: solar panels or thermal radiators.
The McLean, Virginia-based company said newspaper revenue increased 5 percent to $1.46 billion.
A dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth.
UBS settles US mortgage lawsuit
A man is paddling a canoe.
Discipline against student gunman thought to have sparked Colorado shooting
Microsoft has identified the freely distributed Linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales.
French train passengers tell of crash ordeal
A man is punching through boards.
A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street.
Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stands trial before the Alabama Court of the Judiciary.
The companies, Chiron and Aventis Pasteur, together made about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine, which ordinarily would have been enough to meet U.S. demand.
bae systems is the uk's largest military
US government 'on the edge of shutdown'
A boy is playing violin on stage.
The man erased what the other man had on the board.
Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol.
My great niece is half black.
One person is holding an umbrella.
A man is eating a banana.
A group of guys play instruments outside.
Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.
Results of the 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released yesterday by Statistics Canada suggest living standards have improved but still lag for those off reserves.
13:23 PSNI 'failed RUC officer families'
Two green and white trains sitting on the tracks.
They are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated.
A young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar.
any woman that wants birth control can get it.
A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press.
The seizure occurred at 4am on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.
A girl is reading a newspaper.
Thailand's army declares martial law, denies coup
A man standing in the mountains watching a sunset.
You should tell a good story and sometimes you have to tweak reality/history to do so.
Five men in tuxedos are walking down steps.
The assertion is false, at least as you've restated it here.
a siemens spokesman in germany stated that heinrich von pierer stated that siemens was beginning talks with interested chinese parties about a sale of the plutonium-processing facility.
Equatoguineans vote in legislative polls
Sure, I've  done this very trip.
Suspected Saudi militant dies in Lebanese custody
A man is jumping over a stream to meet his companion on the other side.
China backs Sri Lanka on UN resolution
A woman is mixing meat.
Philippines typhoon death toll at 4,460: UN
Putin signs Crimea annexe treaty
A yellow parrot clings to the side of its cage.
Protesters clash with police at Jantar Mantar, 5 people detained
A man is beating two eggs in a bowl with a fork.
a young boy climbing on a rock wall
Well, whatever, you are now.
"Leprechauns don't exist" - fine.
nuclear weapon systems at a high level of readiness increase the risk of those weapons being used including unintentionally with catastrophic consequences.
NKorea makes "significant" nuclear reactor progress - IAEA
The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.
Originally Posted by zaf in the long term, yes.
Abduction teacher to be sentenced
Mali Counts Votes After Presidential Runoff
Dozens killed in Russian plane crash
Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list.
A woman is singing on stage.
Fitch upgrades Ford to investment grade
Designer, Socialite Lilly Pulitzer Dies at 81
Frank Quattrone, the former Credit Suisse First Boston technology investment-banking guru, reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
Snowden poised to fly out of Moscow
Slutstamp! A dear friend from Ohio sent me this.
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit.
The best-performing stock was Altria Group Inc., which rose more than 27 percent to close at $42.31 a share.
Syria demands guarantees, rebels say peace plan doomed
Activists storm Syria embassy in Kuwait
China state news agency: There's still hope for Syria peace
Pakistan Shi'ites demand protection from militants
A young Asian girl is applying eyeliner.
The udders of a dairy cow that is standing in a pasture near a large building.
the statement did not specify the quantity of warheads the missile is capable of carrying.
Glasgow Helicopter Crash Search Ends
Two killed in Arizona skydiving accident
Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals.
A federal grand jury indicted them on Tuesday; the document was sealed until yesterday to allow authorities to make arrests.
You'll always want to add fish into a tank slowly.
Florida counties extend early voting
McAfee to acquire firewall Stonesoft for $389 million
China keeps an eye on visiting tiger freed by Russian President
A man is singing into a microphone.
A dog is resting on the stairs.
Central African Republic President, PM stepping down
Former Indiana Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died Sunday in Bloomington after a battle with bladder cancer.
A man played the piano.
an indian government official spoke on condition of anonymity.
Jesse Jackson Jr., Wife to Plead Guilty to Fraud
Plofsky said the commission won't investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired.
The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.
A dog in a red shirt is chasing a squirrel through the glass.
Gunmen kill 6 polio workers in Pakistan
ALL of the electrical energy ultimately comes from the alternator.
The legal reasons why public employees can unionize have been elsewhere described.
Meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain.
A man is eating bread.
Boston bombing suspect buried in Virginia
Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 362
Boy laying on couch with dog.
I have the exact same problem.
Founders of the group are Matsushita Electric, Sony, Hitachi, NEC, Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung, Sharp and Toshiba.
In 1995, the last survey, those numbers were equal.
"But I do question the motives of a desk-bound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech."
the south african government maintains very good relations with the united states government.
The support will come as a free software upgrade called WebVPN for current customers that have support contracts.
Madoff's brother to plead guilty to fraud
Putin's marriage at an end
"Phoneme" is a theoretical construct which probably can't go away.
Dotson told FBI agents that he shot Dennehy after the player tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
A person is playing a guitar.
after the first meeting between leaders of the european union and leaders from albania, bosnia and herzegowina, croatia, macedonia and serbia and montenegro, leaders from the western balkan countries pledge to diminish organized crime and corruption in the balkans to meet requirements of european union membership.
Scientists Resurrect Flowers from Prehistoric Seeds
Here is a lexical decision task I wrote years ago using PHP and Javascript (github link).
Annan to visit Syrian refugees in Turkey Tuesday
Iran warns Moscow nuclear talks could stall
Two women are wrestling.
I agree with the previous comments.
A black dog looking at a brown sheep in a pen.
A bird eating from a bird feeder.
A woman is pouring eyes into a bowl.
China's industrial output growth slows to 9.2 pct in July
Two elderly women sit at a dinner table with a man.
But company officials expect the costs of the replacement work to run into the millions of dollars.
The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.
Point is: know what you want and don't be afraid to ask for it.
Tech capital Bangalore costliest Indian city to live in: Survey
A man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun.
Palestinian leadership backs Fatah-Hamas Doha deal
I don't think that there's any.
President John Evans Atta-Mills Must Resign Now -NPP Germany
Iraqi president in hospital due to health problem
They know that the video doesn't show a gas chamber.
Yahoo names Google exec Mayer as CEO
Hard-hit hotels ready for price war
A man dressed for a race relaxes.
Russia, China veto UN resolution on Syria endorsing
The man is eating.
"Frank Quattrone is innocent," Keker said in a statement.
A girl in riding gear sits atop a brown horse.
North Korea: experts call for dialogue ‚Äď and say China must play a part
The man and woman are resting on a couch.
A guy and a girl are rock climbing with backpacks on.
the vietnam news agency reported that the ministry of public security stated that police admitted that drug trafficking into vietnam is increasing but actions to prevent and stop the drug trafficking along the borders remained limited.
Death toll from Philippines quake rises to 144
Shares of MONY were gaining $2.57, or 9%, to $31.90 in after-hours trading on Instinet.
Israel Police Clash With Palestinians in Jerusalem
A brown dog carrying a Frisbee runs through the snow.
A man is singing and playing a guitar.
Both studies are published on Thursday in Nature, the British weekly science journal.
Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant.
Eurozone to lend Spain up to 100 bil. euros
Music Industry Pays Tribute to Whitney Houston
Police believe Wilson then shot Jennie Mae Robinson once in the head before turning the gun on herself.
123 killed in fighting in northern Syria
Three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles.
A woman plays an electric guitar.
A man is carrying a canoe with a dog.
8 arrested after deadly Bangladesh building collapse
A woman is playing flute.
A man peeled a potatoe.
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Dec 30
Delhi gang rape victim flown to Singapore hospital
Donna Summer, Queen of Disco, dies at 63
Federer captures 7th Wimbledon title
Syria hands over bodies of journalists
A couple holds a baby.
Doctors had planned to deliver him two weeks early, on or around November 14.
Someone is removing the seeds from a bell pepper.
The leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna's daughter Tracy.
two tan dogs play in the grass
if you don't want to derail the meeting, but the key is to speak up.
Iranian president makes debut on world stage
The military officer barked at the recruits.
A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.
A caveat: I'm experiencing the tail end of a three day migraine.
Storm delays start of Republican convention
'Western' forces attack Islamic militant base in Somalia
Heavy fighting reported in Damascus
Israel strikes Syria as tensions rise on weapons
Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood Supreme Guide
A black and tan dog walking through the snow.
Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
A cat is playing in a box.
All eyes on new Pak army chief Raheel Sharif
A cat is playing with an antenna.
A dog splashes in the murky water.
Also hurting was news General Motors GM.N was to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
Russia says ballistic 'objects' fired in Mediterranean
The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off as early as tomorrow or as late as Friday from the Jiuquan launching site in the Gobi Desert.
Kabul Bank Heads Sentenced for Corruption
I am not the one claiming the right to decide over another woman's body.
The results were released at Tuesday's meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and will be published in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine.
Its safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of a cap....The level of it is to be debated.
The army said the raid, which comes just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the Hamas leader in the city, targeted militants in Hamas.
If you can get over the "ick factor," you have an easily-applied source of organic nitrogen fertilizer close at hand.
"We have found the smoking gun," investigating board member Scott Hubbard said.
A man is holding up and talking about a gray You Tube T-shirt.
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.
A woman is chopping a hard egg.
it presents a major threat to global security.
There is no implication about Tom whatsoever in such a sentence.
This looks a lot like an invitation to a No True Scottsman argument.
You may want it, but the process given to you is what you have to work within.
A brown dog is running on the grass in front of some trees.
At his request, he will be reassigned within the district.
Two animals sitting on a rock.
One, Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, had been on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania.
Egypt's main opposition rejects president's call for dialogue
A line outside of a bookstore on a street.
The boy also sprayed the room full of retardant from fire extinguishers, which made it hard to see, the chief said.
George Zimmerman found not guilty of Trayvon Martin murder
Police question man in deadly LA boardwalk crash
I'll address just the first of your three sub-questions, the others have been answered by Chuck Sherrington.
Japan scrambles jets against Russian military planes
a staff of 30 specialists will conduct research and training on cyber warfare.
Two kids are playing a game of Foosball.
since 2006 mexico has adopted a series of measures against drug trafficking and organized crimes.
I haven't tried storing tomato seeds myself, but I have tried to store pepper seeds (and they are closely related).
Bettas are highly territorial and no matter what sexes you keep together they will fight.
Facebook profits jump as user base expands
It has a chequered safety record, including 47 accidents that resulted in 668 deaths.
The man drew on the white paper.
Two black dogs playing in the snow.
A man looking at a red motorcycle.
Two birds flying near bird feeders.
Death toll rises as Kenya mall siege continues
Chinese vice premier meets Australian Governor-General
Woman is adding sugar to meat.
Blitzbokke ousted by Fiji
Best Minister, Scrimshaw, and Ten Most Wanted all had workouts on Monday morning.
President Bush raised a record-breaking $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.
19 Killed in Iraq Attacks ahead of Ramadan End
The man is playing the wooden flute.
Medics transport a patient on a stretcher.
Death toll in Colorado floods rises to four
The Note's Must-Reads for Tuesday October 29, 2013
Texas house provisionally approves abortion law
"The movement to defend pensions is gaining momentum, and we won't give up," said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.
A monkey is riding on a bus.
Regulation get the government into everything.
The former president also gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation, said his spokesman Jim Kennedy.
Sinai car bomb kills at least 10 Egyptian soldiers
Three dark haired young women in white, red and black sweaters.
Major snowstorm barrels down on Central Plains
Iranian nuclear talks to be extended to November
Israeli lawmakers call for internal probe into case of Prisoner X
"This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage," said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board.
Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
One week later: Boston honors bombing victims; suspect unable to speak
A young boy and a young girl walking towards each other
A black and white dog runs through the water.
German parliament overwhelmingly backs Greek rescue deal
Johor crowns its fifth Sultan
Egypt votes on final day of presidential election
So far, they have searched Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois and Indiana, authorities in those state said.
Chinese language Web portals also support 3721 keywords, the Web site said.
signing of the agreement is a peripheral issue of the meeting of chiefs of defense staff from the 26 ally countries of nato.
Black bird standing on concrete.
Snowden releases first Russia video
Muslim Brotherhood banned in Egypt
the number of executions in iran in 2007 was calculated by an afp count compiled from press reports.
Two people are riding a motorcycle.
The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.
Being in a gang isnt a crime.
General Dynamics was sued when it changed its retirement benefits in 1997.
You're such a bad person!"
Iran, IAEA officials meet ahead of March nuclear deadline: ISNA
During the hearing, Morales expressed "sincere regrets and remorse" for his actions.
Researchers found that sea ice in the Arctic is disappearing at a rate of 9 percent each decade.
She survives him as do their four children -- sons Anthony and Kelly, daughters Linda Hope and Nora Somers -- and four grandchildren.
US set for Obama inauguration
Syrian opposition confirms participation in peace talks
Sales rose 37 per cent year-on-year to 1.76bn, beating expectations.
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.
China is scrambling to stop the disease from spreading to the countryside, where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
Selenski descended down the wall and used the mattress to climb over razor wire.
A woman splits garlic cloves.
A boy is riding a bicycle.
Perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting.
A woman is cooking shrimp.
The Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the American branch of the worldwide Anglican Communion, which has 77 million adherents.
A red, double-decker bus.
A woman is playing a flute on stage.
Belgian king to address nation amid abdication speculation
Two dirt bikers riding over dirt hill.
Obama condemns Egypt violence, cancels military exercises
A small desk with chair near a laundry closet.
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority was given two weeks to restore the $1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates, York declared.
A person is peeling a potato.
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.
Life-threatening Midwest storms feared
russian president vladimir putin states that the decision is a response to u.s. plans to establish missile defense sites in eastern europe and to nato's failure to ratify an amended version of the treaty.
There are a few airlines which operate flights at lower fares.
Iran, a large important partner for Russia: Novak
A girl jumps on top of a car.
these human rights violations include summary executions, torture and the recruitment of child
That task appealed to two masters of the megabyte, Peter Lyman and Hal Varian, professors at the University of California-Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems.
Death toll in Nairobi attack rises to 59
A cat stares into the camera.
Breed Zebra Danios are extremely hardy fish, they are almost difficult to kill.
The Texas congressional delegation now is 17-15 Democratic.
A woman shoots a shotgun.
the cfe is a cornerstone of european security.
Toyland by Johnny Mathis We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Quiz crossword - Saturday 27th April
Two men are fistfighting in a ring.
A skier speeds through the snow.
KL shares mixed at mid-day
Two dogs face off of each other on the grass.
I'm no herpetologist, but in my experience, snakes are in the "you don't bug me, I won't bug you" category.
A panda bear is eating some bamboo.
Two men are playing a game of Scrabble together.
A field of black faced sheep.
This short talk deals with issues of "cheating slightly" :Dan Ariely: Our buggy moral code.
Wikileaks soldier Bradley Manning acquitted of aiding the enemy
A black and white image of a cat laying on a rug.
A woman spices some seafood.
UK's Prince Philip hospitalized
A group of boys are playing soccer on the beach.
The onus is on the manufacturer of a product to convince consumers it is safe.
Men are playing soccer.
As of this week, 103 human West Nile cases in 45 counties had been reported to the health department.
Car bombing kills 17 in Pakistan
Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share.
A white Apple computer sits on the beige carpeting of a bedroom.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 19.72 points, or 1.98 percent, to 1,015.69.
Someone is seasoning two raw eggs in a bowl.
Egyptian police fire tear gas at Brotherhood protesters
Egypt prepares to bury Coptic Pope Shenuda III
Cars plunge into river as US bridge collapses
Hundreds believed injured in Texas fertiliser plant blast
How is this slanted against Bush??
Here are some things that worked with my son who started toilet training around 2.5 years.
Egyptians wait for key presidential vote results
I've never accused him of doctoring a baseball.
Women are talking.
A man is breaking wooden boards with his hand.
A group of people stand and wait to see something.
Man admits threatening to kill Prince Harry
boy doing tricks on a skateboard
The AFL-CIO announced Wednesday that it will decide in October whether to endorse a candidate before the primaries.
The kids are playing a game with each other.
When the prime minister's position was established in the spring, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Arafat.
Japan PM dissolves lower house for election
A man is placing meat in a bag.
Two zebras play in an open field.
Man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water.
Six US troops killed in Afghan bomb attack
Abdullah Widens Lead in Afghan Presidential Poll
From Florida to Alaska, thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
Apple stock plunges 11% after earnings disappointment
a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track
There is, however, no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday.
I think a learning attitude is the founding skill of a self-taught person.
Not a direct answer to the question, but something to consider.
A man is giving an interview.
In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue.
A man in warm clothes swinging on monkey bars at night.
Iran warns against military intervention in Iraq
The dog leaps over the fence in the park.
Two killed in Bahrain car explosion
6.6 quake rocks Indonesia's Papua: USGS
A man is sitting and smoking.
Freddie Starr Arrested In Savile Abuse Probe
World stocks rise on hopes for EU, US stimulus
Two killed in Bahrain car blast
ESPN reported that Knight's two-year deal is worth $2.38 million, including a $300,000 signing bonus.
You PROBABLY don't have any chance at the moment.
two white standard poodles play with a toy in the snow
Exit polls shows Putin ally wins Moscow vote, Navalny cries foul
Tens of thousands rally against Putin's rule (AP)
The Fed also said the risks to the economy were biased toward weakness.
Hollande 'threatens legal action' after affair allegations
Zambrano pitched seven innings and allowed two runs on five hits and four walks.
Under the agreement, Medicare coverage for drug benefits would begin in 2006.
Facilitator : Show me the smart child.
Myanmar police say 13 children die in electrical fire at mosque
Redman has allowed two earned runs or less in six of his nine starts.
A surfer wearing a black wet suit is riding a a white wave in the ocean.
The agency said it would consider as timely any tax returns or payments due from Friday through Aug. 22 if they are completed by Aug. 22.
Back in the day, "cable" was used to describe communications sent abroad.
Earlier, they had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom.
A home office with three computer monitors and other equipment on a desk.
A man rides a large black motorbike.
A man is kicking a ball.
"He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words," daughter Linda Hope said.
Two cats, one ginger, the other white laying on a bed.
Two young people are sitting at a table next to a sliding glass door, with one person pointing at the other.
"I feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use their computers," said McKechnie.
Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
Two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk.
Fire destroys ancient Tibetan town in China
CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."
A dog swims after a tennis ball.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 1.55 points, or 0.09 percent, at 1,744.91.
The tan dog runs through the leaves.
Israel widens settlement subsidies
A woman is climbing a cliff.
A woman is peeling a tuber.
bae systems is the uk's largest defense company.
The man is riding a bike down a dirt hill.
British teenager killed in fall from Magaluf hotel
Romney eyes US Republican primary endgame
You work on it slowly.
A man is slicing a potato into pieces.
Shares of SCO closed at $10.93, down 28 cents, in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
A man tries to feed a mouse to a snake.
On war criminals and heroes: The whitewashing of Ariel Sharon
A soccer player scores a goal.
A brown duck and white duck stand on the grass.
A group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio.
The little boy swung at the golf ball.
A person checks some rice pudding.
Investigators seek answers to Whitney Houston's death
Iran's parliament backs nuclear deal
Both papers are being published today in the New England Journal of Medicine.
Salafi Islamists, police clash in Tunis - witnesses
Man playing game in a store.
Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $44.50, up $1.78, or 4.2 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
Box cutters were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool.
Protests for kidnapped girls banned in Nigerian capital
I would recommend looking at The Motley Fool.
A young woman with a black top and a necklace.
A man is doing pull-ups.
Boat sails in rough water.
Nylon dries fast, is resistant to ripping and tearing, and fairly breathable.
If it wasn't a life, then it would not be able to be born.
The man is pouring broth into the pot.
A pankda is eating bamboo.
Two people sit on the end of a dock.
Breivik drops far-right salute in court
Lewis Hamilton wins inaugural Russian GP
Severe Gales As Storm Clodagh Hits Britain
A boy is trying to say firetruck.
A woman is cutting scallions.
A woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill.
Govt. to hold talks with FTII students
A man in printed board shorts is doing a yoga pose on the beach.
In situations like these, I tend to lengthen out the phrase.
Merkel Vies 3rd Term in Office in Germany Elections
Zebras are socializing.
"Spin and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer," it said.
The white dog is laying on the wooden floor underneath the table.
I wrap steaks individually in freezer paper, then put them into ziploc freezer bags.
If you need to publish the book and you have found one publisher that allows it.
Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Three goats are being rounded up by a dog.
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the Louisiana coast Monday night.
A kitchen sink and countertop with bowls on shelves.
Shares of McDonald's rose $1.83, or 8.3 percent, to close at the day's high of $23.89.
china's cabinet the state council announced that it will amend regulations on "dual-use" nuclear technology to prevent nuclear terrorism.
Stocks rise early after Greek deal, then flatten
Pentagon adjusts plans for more intense attacks on Syria
A woman is stabbing a potato with a fork.
What are you goals?
After a weak start, the Dow Jones Industrial Average ended the day up 26.26 to 9,217.35, while the S&P 500 index rose 3 to 980.59.
Egypt swears in new interim leader
For first time in history, Technion to teach engineering in Russia
A group of people are on the water.
A little girl is sitting on Santa's lap
We were talking about women as war bounty were we not?
South Africa has the world's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.
9 killed, 31 wounded in car bombs in Iraq's Kirkuk
Israel green-lights 1500 settler homes
Chinese president concludes state visit to Denmark
Former Reagan spokesman Larry Speakes dies at 74
Two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people.
I've never adjusted the length of time based on number of eggs.
guillemets, as suggested by Lauren Ipsum, is a good option.
A girl is walking down a road.
12 militants killed in Afghan raids: ministry
Fujitsu Siemens Computers on Tuesday made good on a promise to offer a workstation based on Advanced Micro Devices' Opteron processor.
Mandela remains in 'intensive care'
Two dogs fighting in the snow.
A man does floor exercises.
A skateboarder is jumping over an obstacle in front of a white house.
tibet suspects chinese government of creating the virus to spy on tibetan exiles and the dalai lama.
Vatican Embassy in Syria hit by mortar fire
A man breaks a stick.
7 killed in monster truck crash
A boy does a skateboard trick on the stairs downtown.
two cats, one brown and one white laying on a bed with a blue blanket.
The dogs are chasing a black cat.
Demolition work to begin at stadium
A white dog runs on the sand.
Deputy speaker faces new sex claims
Two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle.
Quartet calls on Israelis, Palestinians to end irritants
Mourners clash with police in Tunisia
ArQule stock plunges as lung cancer study shelved
Neuromuscular Activation and Dynamic Stretching Here is an excellent video on a dynamic stretching routine for running.
A small guinea pig is gnawing and eating a piece of carrot on the floor.
A man riding a cart.
russia has repeatedly threatened withdrawal from the cfe in opposition to plans for the extension of the us missile defense shield to eastern europe.
Support is good for eggplants as the fruit may become heavy and can even break the branches.
Australian PM says 'Very confident' signals are from black box
A dog wearing a cape is running through the snow.
A man is buttering bread.
BBC veteran Hall admits child sex abuse
A fluffy, white dog running in the snow.
According to market research from The NPD Group, the number of people downloading music dropped from 14.5 million in April to 10.4 million in June.
A person wearing scuba gear is swimming underwater water.
An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people.
A large passenger jet flying close to the ground.
Prominent AIDS researchers killed in Malaysian plane crash
Pakistan to release most senior Afghan Taliban prisoner
Egypt policeman killed in Sinai attack
According to Frederick Herzberg's two-factor theory of motivation, intrinsic rewards are motivators (e.g.
Israel frees Palestinian prisoners
Russia, China Concerned About Israeli Airstrikes in Syria
Got some Heine and coors light i started it last night xanis.
A man is fishing in the river.
Consumer groups are against the changes, saying they hurt individuality in markets.
A man who has fallen asleep on public transportation.
Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.
Child holding an object that is on fire.
I have a standing/sitting desk at work and really like it.
A bird perched on a flowerpot.
A cheetah chases prey on across a field.
A women standing next to a brown cow.
The man is eating pizza.
Three women in brightly colored dresses.
Egypt holding key vote on constitution
These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate and the United States will find the killers and they will learn the meaning of American justice.
Rev.'s Early Reads: Sept. 3rd, 2015
The man is raising his hand.
China yuan strengthens to new high against USD
A woman in a black hat is standing by the subway.
Americans scramble to sign up for Obamacare by deadline
Man sitting cross legged while wearing a brown cloth and holding a wooden stick.
A plane is landing on a runway.
A man is cutting paper with a sword.
"These are dark days for our industry," Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement.
Iraq Said to Release Hezbollah Operative
Factory Fires Kill At Least 260 in Pakistan
Queen Elizabeth II visits barracks of UK soldier slain last week
Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
A man is pouring rice a roni into a pan.
A little girl is walking down the street.
Storm buries Northeast; 16 inches of snow in NJ
A woman is slicing tofu.
I can't think of the specifics, but I seem to remember this scenario from many years ago.
I'd say it depends what conditions you have.
Workers protest after Bangladesh building collapse
A woman posing by a pillar with a U2 sign.
And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be in the wrong meeting," he said to thunderous applause from his supporters.
Lionel Ritchie dances while standing on the ceiling.
WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed, saying: "It looks very much like an isolated event."
Everyone in the world at the current "prosperity" level of Northwest Africa.
A woman is flouring and rolling dough.
Man Who Set Himself on Fire on National Mall Dies of Injuries
The kid in the orange shirt is sliding down a teal slide.
The San Francisco plane crash at a glance
Mandela's condition has 'worsened over past 48 hours'
Pakistan's Musharraf Charged In Bhutto Death
A young girl with dirt on her face and a red child's bike is in the background.
Typhoon Bopha kills 15 in S. Philippines
Dining room with wooden dining table set with playmates.
He played four seasons in Miami, including the Dolphins' 27-17 loss to Washington in the Super Bowl.
A man stares out a window.
'Whitey' Bulger's girlfriend gets 8 years
My recommendation is not to say anything, and do the best you can.
At least 18 killed in Afghan bomb attacks: officials
BEIRUT: Lebanon's prime minister formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office yesterday, including a wide range of political groups after bridging serious divisions among them mostly over
A mostly black train on a track.
In that position, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, president and CEO of EMC.
A brown dog runs through the grass.
The function of the german president is almost just representative.
A passenger train waiting at the city train station.
A black-and-white photo of a loveseat.
Tornadoes, damaging storms hit U.S. Midwest, killing 5
Sevens World Cup within Kenya‚Äôs reach
The dollar pushed as high as $1.1115 to the euro in early trade, extending Tuesday's one percent rally to hit its strongest level since April 30.
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.
You have a lot of answers already, but I'd like to add Curries as another solutions.
Nigeria Votes in Tight Presidential Election
A man is riding a horse in the desert.
The silver train is parked in a station.
Pakistan demolishes Osama bin Laden hideout
Probably subjective, but ... Good clad stainless steel will give you much better cooking performance per dollar than copper.
Floods in central Europe continue to create havoc
A person is making a bed.
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.
Suspected US drone kills 3 militants in Pakistan
A girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing
A young boy has a red fishing pole.
Dealers said the euro's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.
A close-up of a yellow school bus.
A boy played a keyboard.
three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball.
A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups.
A man who is resting his head on his hand.
A grey and white tabby cat is sleeping on purple fabric.
U.N. observer patrol arrives at Syria massacre site
Peter Lyman and Hal Varian of Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002.
That objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.
But it is not a good idea.
Box cutters were used as a weapon by the Sept. 11, 2001, hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items.
"This deal makes sense for both companies," Halla said in a prepared statement.
The public hearing is the second for the panel created by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under pressure from Congress.
A brown horse stands in a lush green field.
Sylvester Stalloneâ€™s son, Sage Stallone, found dead in Hol
'Glee' star Cory Monteith found dead
The following is taken from my dog-eared copy of the New Penguin Atlas of Medieval History.
A woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store.
It doesn't say that it didn't participate.
paranoid Got any proof?
A girl is playing a guitar.
The men are fighting each other.
Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach.
The small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera.
Apple shares hit hard on iPhone disappointment
More than 1,000 inmates escape from Libya's al-Kweifiya prison
OPEC producers at a meeting on Wednesday are set to pressure independent oil exporters to contribute to the cartel's next supply cut to allow for the return of Iraqi oil.
A man is slicing open a fish.
Men jump in a river.
Group of horses grazing in grassy field.
A woman is stirring rice in a pot.
Where is the slant against Bush?
37 killed in bus crash in Italy
Suarez set for Cup comeback
Man playing guitar while sitting down.
A man sitting on a bench looking at a dog on a leash sitting on sidewalk.
Schools that don't meet the testing goals for two years in a row must offer transfers.
"I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money," Schwarzenegger said after one meeting.
The Joker doesn't care about money.
If God does not exist can anything be morally wrong?
A group of people are standing on the beach in front of some boats.
If so, alot of cops should take presciption drugs.
The players are kicking each other while attempting to kick the ball.
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and right fielder Aubrey Huff were ejected for arguing after Huff was called out on strikes to end the ninth.
It is not hollow, it is round just as our world.
the western governments include the united states and france.
Iraq's economy was shattered under former president Saddam Hussein and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
The submission was on Monday, but the announcement was made Friday at the International Broadcasting Convention in Amsterdam.
Flooding Forces 75,000 From Canada Homes
A woman is adding oil to a pan.
Cameron loses parliamentary vote on Syria military action
A cat is jumping into a box.
A spokesman for SCO could not be reached for comment this afternoon.
A man jumping his dirt bike.
U.S. military says it conducts airstrikes against IS in Syria, Iraq
In late-morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Corixa was up 74 cents, or 10%, at $7.94.
According to security sources, London Metropolitan Police Commissioner John Stevens placed his force on its highest state of alert last week following the warning.
The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi.
A man is rinsing a large steak.
Prince Harry pays tribute to US war dead
The woman was hospitalized June 15, Kansas health officials said.
The man drilled holes into the wood.
A man is opening a package containing headphones.
Major quake kills 39 in Pakistan
Taliban attacks US base in Afghanistan
Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C., anxiously awaited her turn at the microphone.
south korea has had a bullet train system since the 1980s.
Protesters gather in Brazil despite concessions
Senate Judiciary Committee nearing final big decisions in shaping immigration bill
A man catches a fish.
Israelis and Palestinians aim to negotiate a 'final' peace deal after positive talks
Indian building collapse deaths rise to 14
EU receives Nobel Peace Prize
As per your original question: The  Wikipedia section does not claim that Joseph P Kennedy bought John F Kennedy's victory.
That's what the data available shows.
The man is feeding a mouse to the snake.
George Zimmerman to be charged in Trayvon Martin case, official says
Fire kills 38 in Russian psychiatric institution
That is not direct responsibilty to the constituents.
Gunman Among 7 Dead After Florida Apartment Shooting
Messi scores 4 to send Guardiola off with victory
Five killed in China building collapse
North Korea urges foreigners to leave South Korea
Suicide bomber kills policeman in Pakistan
The men had Pakistani passports and reportedly were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, law enforcement sources said.
But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards."
I am not exactly sure but I remember the media (in India) addressing Delhi as "HASTHINA".
BusinessWeek Online has learned that the settlement could come as early as Monday, May 19.
It depends how you're stating it.
A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.
He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids Friday night.
2 explosions rock city in northern Lebanon
A small bird perches on the bird feeder hanging from the tree.
Anti-Putin protesters form human chain in Moscow
A black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water.
Pakistan releases seven Afghan Taliban fighters
The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99, or 0.2 percent, to 1,682.72, following a two-day win of 55.93.
A group of people sit around a blazing fire at night.
Russia's Putin claims authority to invade Ukraine
The deer jumped over the fence.
A striped cat laying down on a bag of cat litter.
Yellow boat on a beach.
Iran, Tajikistan sign cooperation agreement
A person is cutting leaves.
It is the first named storm to develop in the Caribbean in December.
U.S. relaxes deportation rules for young people: Napolitano
On Tuesday, a Florida appeals court again refused to block removal of the tube.
A woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background.
China Yuan Strengthens to 6.168 against USD Monday
Men in China detained after taking girls to hotel
Hi Eots: YOU FOOLS..bought the  cover-up..hook..
Two women are dancing.
China's Health Ministry said five more people had died of Sars and a further 159 were infected.
Russia, China in double veto of UN Syria resolution
A hockey player during a game.
Russia unveils $25bn oil link to Pacific
A young boy is punching a yellow ball.
A man is eating something.
A black and white cat laying on a cat bed.
Iran vows to preserve "peaceful" nuclear program
Philippe ascends throne of divided Belgium
People gathered in a room.
In the year-ago period, Pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit.
Five million citizens get unofficial salary in Ukraine
Freight train derails, catches fire in Columbus, Ohio
Symptoms include chronic diarrhoea, abdominal pain, weight loss and extreme tiredness.
Panetta: Afghanistan Tops NATO Conference Topics
A man is holding a slow loris.
On Wednesday, the total of National Guard and Reserve members called to active duty worldwide stood at 154,603.
Books To Help Kids Talk About Boston Marathon News
Coin lockers are a feature of most stations in Japan.
What's more, companies are not feeling confident enough to replace older PCs, the analyst firm said.
A boy who seems ill is being touched in the face by a toddler.
zabol is a town in southeastern iran.
China's economic growth rebounds to 7.8% in latest quarter
You can buy it on amazon for $5.
UK police say no terrorism link to helicopter crash
4 French Soldiers Reported Killed in Afghanistan
jewish-american group the anti-defamation league (adl) published full-page advertisements in swiss and international papers in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal.
Taliban bombs US base in Afghanistan
There is, however, no photograph of Dr Hollingworth in the June issue of the magazine examined by The Age yesterday.
The man is mixing whipping cream.
Earthquake of 6.3 magnitude strikes off Indonesia island
Red Cross says negotiating halt to fighting in Syria to take aid
Romney, Paul vie for Maine caucus win
A man is stirring ingredients in a bowl.
A black dog with a red collar wading through the water.
Clinton returns to work, plans to testify on Benghazi attack
A woman is slicing garlics.
A man is laying on the ground shooting a rifle.
A woman puts make-up on.
The whole earth combined produces enough food for  billion people.
iran is an islamic republic .
Someone is holding and petting a baby tiger.
A close-up of a horse.
Nothing is stopping this thing from playing out in court.
A plane being readied for take-off.
Reactions to the prospect of military action against Syria
Asian children are playing with a dog.
A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it.
Yes, it's probably a good idea to renew your passport.
Taiwan has attempted to gain observer status to the United Nations-affiliated WHO for seven years, but again was rebuffed March 19 at its annual conference in Geneva.
Israel vows to deny Hezbollah after air strike
A woman is playing volley ball.
A Microsoft spokesman was not immediately available to comment.
17 killed in US drone attack on Yemen wedding party
a clear plastic chair in front of book shelves.
Shares in Microsoft slipped 4.7 percent in after-hours trade to $27.54 from a Nasdaq close of $28.91.
The baby boy wants his mother.
Westwood in front a Dubai Desert Classic
Taiwan gang leader nabbed at airport after 17 years
Facebook to test mobile payments service
US helping get arms to Syria rebels
mohammed elbarade is the international atomic energy agency's director general.
A boy whacks a man with a sword.
A person is drawing on a large touchscreen.
As I understand it, nothing that can be changed, or broken down into smaller parts is inherently real.
Two robots share a kiss.
12 killed in bus accident in Pakistan
Mr Levine said she had been offered $400,000 to tell her story to an Australian TV network.
"There's very strong interest in getting money back to the ratepayers as quickly as possible," Commissioner Susan Kennedy said.
Bangladeshi Islamists rally to demand action against atheist bloggers
CII endorses underage marriage
Three dogs swim in the water.
putin stated that the russian government could withdraw from the treaty altogether if western nations refuse to ratify the amended treaty.
The headlights on a blue car.
NASCAR officials could not be reached for comment Tuesday.
Oil rises after Greek election result
A tan dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth.
World mourns passing of Mandela
Five kittens are eating out of five dishes.
Hosni Mubarak retrial adjourned until 8 June
Belgian King Albert II to step down in favor of son
The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December."
Emily Church is London bureau chief of CBS.MarketWatch.com.
World stocks fall before Greek debt deal deadline
A dog sat at the counter of a store.
Dominique Strauss-Kahn faces questions over French prostitution ring
A woman with a knife is slicing a pepper.
Look at this: http://www.capewrathtrail.co.uk/ You could do it in stages.
What kind of floors are above?
The committee was appointed by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under orders from Congress.
A woman is playing a guitar on streets.
House-Senate deal reached on payroll tax measure
Three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera.
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, many arriving passengers in Atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed.
Turkey, US weigh no-fly zones for Syria
Indian troops raid Pakistani military post
Six Democrats and two Republicans are running for her seat and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
Egypt's leader imposes state of emergency in 3 cities
Ukrainian President orders 7-day ceasefire in the east
A person is peeling shrimp.
Is it in the food supply?" says David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
News of Terrorism and the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict (January 22 ‚Äď 28, 2014)
German Shephard jumping through black hoop while people watch
It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.
A panda bear is chewing on a stick.
So I don't think you need to put it on the cover.
But Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial (JP:8306: news, chart, profile) declined 3,000 yen, or 0.65 percent, to 456,000 yen.
A man is mixing.
UN chief presses for major boost in Syrian aid
No Thatcherite can ever call themselves a libertarian.
The back of a pig under a tree with a cow in the background.
UK alert on Syrian chemical arms
I guess it depends on the nature of your contract.
Zen Report: Ain't easy being high maintenance
A man is climbing a rope.
'Betrayed' disabled workers protest against Remploy closures
A girl is waking up.
A living room with table, chair and sofa alongside a large palm.
The cook is kneading the flour.
A man is dancing.
Rupee up 22 paise against dollar in early trade
This is not a good idea.
Twitter blocks content in Pakistan
Five kids are standing in front of a tent.
Sylvester Stallone's Son Found Dead At Home
A girl stands in a dimly lit area.
Did the transaction take place?
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately have an official response to Tuesday's ruling.
Vatican embassy in Syria hit by mortar; no injuries
A woman is slicing pumpkin.
A couple are walking.
The man in the backpack looks to his left.
Breathe In, Breathe Out, Move On.
Four young men stand still as a car explodes behind them.
If you understand yourself and your enemy, you will be far more likely to win any battle.
russian officials stated that russia will not reconsider the suspension.
Pakistan fighter jets bomb 'Taliban hideouts'
At least 6 dead in Canada bus, train crash
I had the same issue.
A WWII fighter plane with its landing gear down.
California governor declares drought emergency as wildfires continue to burn
the back of a stop sign with many stickers on it.
My advice would be to try a variety of coffees that you can afford and find one you like.
Two dogs are running through a grassy area.
Palestinians clash with security forces in W. Bank
A man is stuffing himself full with food.
Two blasts near Iranian embassy in Beirut
A man severs the toe of an empty leather boot using a sword.
Baker called a pregame meeting, believing the the corked-bat episode had distracted the team.
Jingle Bell Rock by Bobby Helm We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
The woman is peeling shrimp.
Sky News Cameraman Killed In Egypt
Sliding down the embankment, the two rescuers hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
Weiner shrugs off latest online sex scandal
A few points to add here: Coyotes are not know to be aggressive towards humans.
A woman stands in front of a building in the snow.
Two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees.
The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.
Man and dog standing on rocks next to water
Boko Haram disrupts Nigerian elections
More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang.
Man with blue shirt standing in front of a fountain.
Britain Sees Evidence Assad Could Use Chemical Weapons
Asian Muslims celebrate Eid as 14 killed in Afghanistan
US: Israel to delay Palestinian prisoner release
Vietnam detects signals from missing plane
Mandela hospitalised after he stops talking
Zimmerman stopped for speeding in Texas, released with warning
Nylon, among other synthetics, is an ideal material for clothing for most outdoor pursuits for several reasons.
Vice President of Bolivia to visit China
Bombs in Thailand kill 14, wound 340
A surfer does a flip on a wave.
Tennis: Nadal defeats Djokovic for Monte Carlo title
A black and white dog returns a stick in the snow.
A woman in red with a beer followed by a man in white.
There are many compact cameras with underwater housings available from Canon and Olympus.
Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.
I am too a hobby swimmer but as part of my triathlon training.
A man is laughing with a woman
Suicide bombers attack Yemen military posts
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring down the NYSE's 27-member board, changing its composition and making it more accountable.
A chimpanzee is hurting a woman.
Thai junta security forces stay in barracks as protests dwindle
Internet service resumes in Syria
Two killed, 19 injured in Toronto shooting
In a mixture of ancient Melanesian pagan and modern Christian ceremonies the people tried again to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor since that long-ago meal.
Suicide bomber kills 16 in Afghanistan
Strong earthquake in western China kills 47 people
What was the "answer" in Chicago?
Quotes from leaders, family at Mandela memorial
Stocking is very subjective to the specific inhabitants as well as the setup and your aquarium experience.
That Israel doesn't giva a **** what anybody else thinks.
A person is folding a square paper piece.
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
A person is chopping an herb.
I voted for the dyson sphere as being the biggest realistic.
A man spent his time with his son.
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which plans to appeal, was given until May 28 to restore the old subway and bus fare and the old commuter railroad rates.
Car bombs kill 20 in Turkish town near Syrian border
Young redheaded man holding two bicycles near beach.
Tell us what the charges were.
an institute for public policy research report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists.
Old green bottle sitting on a table.
New glories for China in striving for renewal
Stocks slump on Wall Street
Turkish PM Erdogan says "duty" to order crackdown on Istanbul park protest
Gunmen kill 5 female teachers in Pakistan
A man is dancing upside-down on the ceiling.
A man is serving cake.
Syrian forces overrun rebel stronghold
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering.
As well as the dolphin scheme, the chaos has allowed foreign companies to engage in damaging logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls.
A woman is mincing some garlic.
A girl riding a brown horse.
Nato solider dies in Afghanistan
Authorities identified the tipster as Richard Powell, who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982.
defense chiefs from estonia, latvia, lithuania, germany, italy, spain and slovakia will sign the agreement to provide staff and funding for the center.
Pakistani Taliban chief killed in US drone strike
As I wrote above, it's hard to rate this wall.
A key question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.
Supporters asked a federal court Monday to block the removal of a Ten Commandments monument from the Alabama Judicial Building.
Pakistan's Musharraf Under Arrest in Bhutto Assassination
It is hard to delineate emotion completely from thoughts or sensations, because emotion can contain both.
A car is backing out of a blocked lane.
Rescuers search for survivors of Texas fertiliser plant blast
Australia leader ousted in snap leadership vote
As covered in the other answers, your only option is to see a vet in order to have surgery done.
U.S. soldier killed in shooting incident in S. Afghanistan
It's not just a good idea, it's an excellent idea.
KL shares continue uptrend mid-afternoon
Military holds upper hand in Egypt
Mali interim leader takes office
Explosions heard near Afghan presidential palace
A cat is licking its paw.
Some support won't hurt, especially if it is a large fruited variety.
A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation.
A man is firing a rifle.
A class 6 card in theory should be more than enough bandwidth for HD (1080) video for the 550D (48 MBit).
A black and white dog jumping in a yard.
If you don't want to pay for Adobe Acrobat Pro, as @schultem mentions, LaTeX can do this with embedded hyperlinks.
The dog is running on grass.
A white leather couch with a purse and throw blanket on it.
a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the backgroud.
Federal officials said the document remained sealed until Thursday morning to allow authorities to make arrests in five Western states.
A man is mixing a bowl.
a staff of 30 specialists will conduct research and training on cyber warfare and will be prepared to assist nato members with response to any future cyber attacks.
French forces seize key town
People ride mopeds in an urban setting.
A plane rides on a road.
Hamas calls on Hezbollah to pull forces out of Syria
Usain Bolt wins 200m – Steven Howard reaction
A person is slicing a small pieces of ginger.
Still, changes to IE "may affect a large number of existing Web pages," according to the W3C's notice.
A boy is pouring something from a pitcher.
Egypt set to lure Gulf investors
Men tried to behead soldier on London street, court hears
Colombia strike three times
Italian journalist picked as presidential candidate
fix?: Islam itself is not political.
A young boy is running toward and from the ocean waves.
Women testify at Air Force instructor's sentencing
British soldier shot dead in Afghan ‘insider attack’
Egypt's Morsi rules out talks as hostage video appears
Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems, which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season.
The protesters denounced the country's supreme leader, hard-liner Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
South Korean workers set to leave joint factory zone
The PRC epidemic began in Guandong province in November, but the Communist Party government refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.
Dotson was arrested Monday in his native Maryland and charged with murder.
wait until they become more consistent and closer together.
Yes, you should mention it.
The man jumping is not wearing a shirt.
Relief in Boston as second suspect captured
North Korea launches short-range missiles
I had this same problem.
The analysts said they believe the payroll statistics provide a more accurate picture of the economy because they are based on a larger sample.
The driver of the truck escaped and is now being sought by the police, Supoyo said.
Queen visits London soldier attack scene
the resolution says that the high level of readiness increases the risk of the use of such weapons and that the unintentional or accidental use would have catastrophic consequences.
Greece to vote on 2013 budget
Rusch has also allowed five or more earned runs in each of his last three starts.
russian president putin signs decree suspending russia's application of european arms control treaty.
A close-up, distorted photo of an empty glass Coke bottle.
In the memo, Ballmer reiterated the open-source threat to Microsoft.
Two young boys, one white and one black, are standing with their arms around each other.
fulvio berghella stated that the digital worm named sq hell was particularly virulent and replicated itself at the rate of 8000 times an hour.
The Nazis lowered the minimum age to buy a firearm from  to .
The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association.
I have a few Nikon lenses, and a Sigma 10-20mm for super-wide shots.
Syria forces launch Aleppo attack
A boy is screaming.
A person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track.
South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female.
Glasgow Helicopter Crash: Woman PC Is Victim
And now it's anything he wants to say," confirmed Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director Alesha Badgley.
Two men standing in the surf on a beach.
Angry families demand answers after China plant fire kills 119
Egypt minister survives assassination attempt
The old lady is standing in the kitchen with two cats at her feet.
A man is lifting heavy weights.
A cat is licking a bottle.
A dog bounces on a trampoline.
Hagel, Dempsey face Congress over defense budget
A young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water.
I am OK with MEDICAL use!
How many threads do you plan on making?
North Korea proposes high-level talks with US
Think about all the things you can't "eat, wear, or live in".
N. Korea's Kim hails execution of powerful uncle
In his Jan. 28 State of the Union message, Bush said, "The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."
A person is playing the keyboard.
38 Taliban militants killed in Afghanistan
The vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, XP and 2000, as well as Windows Server 2003.
NASA is scheduled to launch the Space Infrared Telescope Facility on Monday morning.
A woman grates onions.
"Our fundamental values haven't changed," Mary Sue Coleman, president of the university, said in a statement in Ann Arbor.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.5 per cent at 9,905.8 and the Nasdaq Composite added 0.7 per cent at 1,995.1.
NATO leader plays down risk of Turkey-Syria clash
A sheep is on the edge of a road with a lake and a mountain in the background.
There are two ways to start with: plunging and dripping.
The recipe I work from has you put the meat in the freezer, then pan sear it.
Shares of Guidant plummeted in trading both on and off the New York Stock Exchange before a news halt was imposed after midday.
You can still use it for practice.
Syrian Rebel Groups Battle Each Other in North
I think you're looking for the movie
Venezuela assembly meets amid Chavez health crisis
An older Asian couple poses with a newborn baby at the dinner table.
A woman brushes some shrimp.
Two dogs are running through a green yard
"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.
American Airlines and Pilots Agree on a New Contract
Two white dogs are swimming in the water.
Syria Regime Agrees to Attend Peace Conference
two found dead in swimming pool at essex hotel
Two motorbikes racing on a dirt course.
First, double-check the dog's body language to make sure that it is truly aggressive.
Moscow's Crimea success could lead to it redrawing Ukraine's eastern border
Australia cuts rates to record low
Three no votes would kill it for now.
It really isn't your problem how they are going to find a qualified person to do the job.
A woman thinly slices an onion with a large knife.
A person is tearing paper.
17:02 23 killed in Iraq car bombings
Coty bids $10 billion for Avon
Piers Morgan Interviewed by Police in Hacking Case
Two horses standing in a field with trees in the background.
Suicide bomber attacks primary school in Iraq, kills 15
A man is adding pork chops to a pan.
a person doing the back stroke in a swimming pool
Analysts polled by Reuters Research, a unit of Reuters Group Plc, on average forecast profit of $1.69 per share.
Use of force by aggressor.
Two people are doing a demonstration at a renaissance fair.
U.S. drone mistakenly kills 14 in Yemen wedding convoy
A badger is digging in the dirt.
Some is grating onion into water.
A man is dangling a mouse near a snake.
Your own theory is bad because it seems to follow from a Lamarkian interpretation of evolutionary theory.
Mr. Heatley, who suffered a broken jaw and torn knee ligaments, faces several charges.
They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.
A black, brown and white dog running through a field.
A woman is adding spices on a meat.
Doctors have speculated that the body’s own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.
The unemployment rate in San Joaquin County dipped last month to 8.5 percent, down nearly a full percentage point from August.
"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.
People sitting on the porch.
at the state scientific center of applied microbiology there is every kind of deadly bacteria that was studied for use in the secret biological weapons program of the soviet union.
Stocks edge higher after Greek debt deal
Gunmen kill 10 foreign tourists in northern Pakistan
A major British study has added to the evidence that hormone replacement therapy increases the risk of breast cancer, especially when women receive a combination of estrogen and progestin.
Three dogs running on a racetrack.
The developers, The Related Cos. and Apollo Real Estate Advisors, hope sales top $1 billion.
Asked if he felt any regret about theOctober 12 attack, the answer was an adamant "no".
A man is cutting open a box.
Romney, in comeback, has narrow Maine caucus win
Investigators continue to probe virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, the former mayor has said.
There is another problem with applying instant replays beyond just interrupting the flow of the game.
A cheetah is running across a field.
Bruce N. Hawthorne, 53, was named executive vice president and chief staff officer.
Vietnamese citizens need a visa to visit the USA.
Japan: World's Oldest Man Ever Dies Aged 116
a bird lands in the water.
A black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake.
It's definitely NOT what it used to be.
Authorities performed an autopsy Thursday on one of three bodies recovered from beneath a layer of freshly poured concrete in the basement of a northwest Indiana home.
A man is putting cheese on a tortilla.
A white dog runs on a beach.
Remember, from the Fleet's point of view, the rest of the galaxy is what's moving and experiencing time dilation.
Taiwan reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one-day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making its epidemic the world's fastest-growing.
Cardinals enter Sistine Chapel to elect pope
Harvey was taken to St. Luke's Hospital for precautionary neck X-rays, which came back negative.
That was more than double the $102 million, or 13 cents a share, for the year-earlier quarter.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.
A person is whisking eggs in a bowl.
The large brown and white dog is running through the snow.
Families stuck on the highway were being urged to remain in their cars, and to use their cell phones only in case of emergency.
russia already participates in the european space agency's
A black man is walking next to a building in a big city.
A girl is playing on a swing.
A man is fishing.
Sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the SCO announcement.
A sad man is jumping over a small stream to meet his companion on the other side.
Suicide bomber strikes in Syria
Philippines, Canada pledge to further boost relations
Barack Obama's bodyguards sent back to US after prostitution scandal
Torres finishes 4th, misses out on sixth Olympics
Pakistan's opposition party boycotts presidential elections
Waksal, in a letter to the court, said: "I tore my family apart.
I ask again if God does not exist can anything be morally wrong?
Facebook boosts size of IPO by 25pc to raise $15bn
A yellow bird perched on a branch.
Rebels kill two park rangers in eastern Congo
A man is playing a musical instrument.
So I actually read the OP and guess what I found out.
Three dogs playing in the snow, with a city in the background.
Japan, S Korean military planes defy China's new defence zone
Pakistan convoy heads to protest US drone strikes
The man is playing the piano with his nose.
Thai political protests paralyse more ministries
Yeah, I don't think this is that controversial either.
the golden triangle region was 1 of the world's biggest producers of opium.
A man is riding a motor scooter.
"The figures are becoming catastrophic," said Dr. Patrick Pelloux, the president of the association of emergency room physicians.
I've tried many of the things mentioned above, but they never really worked for me.
Or just go with the ultra-cheap YongNuo RF-602, which give you a lot of bang for the buck.
She asked to be excused from last week's Cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
Frist proposed a process in which it would take gradually fewer votes to overcome filibusters preventing final votes on judicial confirmations.
A white train pulling into a station.
John Heine, a spokesman for the commission in Washington, declined to comment on Mr. Spitzer's criticism.
Officials with North Carolina Speedway at Rockingham could not be reached.
The best thing to do is to overcome the fussiness.
Someone typed on a keyboard.
A man plays a keyboard.
A black dog is chasing two birds on the shore of the ocean.
State health officials said today a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.
Veteran stage and screen actor Hume Cronyn died of cancer Sunday.
A boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping head first into a swimming pool.
A person is slicing cantaloupe.
naeem m. smuggled 10 kilograms (22 pounds) of heroin.
The man slced through a thick rope with a sword.
BBC Director General Resigns amid Newsnight Scandal
A black and white dog is running through a cow field.
U.S., allies to add sanctions against Russia over Ukraine
A potted plant in sunlight from a window.
china is a permanent member of the un security
A man is demonstrating how to work with clay while at least two people observe.
Thai protesters obstruct vote; 1 dead in violence
Syrian forces bombard Homs, Lavrov arrives for talks
Water samples are being sent to the state health department for analysis.
Facebook boosts size of IPO by 25 percent
It's a 1:1 lens, so that means that the size of the subject will be the same size on the sensor.
Powerful quake strikes off eastern Indonesia
Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers.
A boy is at school taking a test.
Iraq Backs Egypt Crackdown on Morsi Supporters
A woman relaxes in an inner tube.
Ally of Georgia's billionaire PM to be president -exit polls
Business news and markets: as it happened, June 20, 2013
A boy is playing a guitar.
A black and white dog swimming in clear water.
a black dog digging through the snow.
Iraq searches Syrian-bound Iranian plane
Israeli soldier hits Palestinian child in Hebron
But they don't realize that until it's too late (of course) because they're potential victims.
Like this  year old who was shot dead in a marijuana-related crime.
General Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force aboard the command ship Mount Whitney.
Geraldine Andrews, the pastor's daughter-in-law, said Robinson recently took her daughter out of a mental health facility.
Stars pay tribute to James Garner
Polar bears are fighting each other.
A monkey is teasing a dog at the zoo.
A race car driver is driving his car through the mud.
US presidential election 2012
Activists say they fear the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries.
"It's a blond-haired woman wearing a Cartier watch on her wrist," the source said.
A woman is making some food.
Six killed in US building collapse
Bangladesh building-collapse death toll climbs to 580
Bangladesh Islamists rally against atheist bloggers
Two women watching the street with their bikes to see when they may cross.
U.N. condemns ethnic killings in South Sudan oil town
Italy bus crash death toll rises
180 killed in Iran earthquake
Clashes continue between police and protesters in Turkey
A white cat looking out of a window.
A squirrel runs around in circles.
A girl dancing on a sandy beach.
The commission estimates California lost $1.34 billion -- the most of any state -- to tax shelters in 2001.
A pole is behind a person that is playing peekaboo with a child.
A woman is lying on a blanket on a rock and reading a book.
What isn't how what was sold?
"I think it should have been released years ago," said Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine.
The jury is not told about juror nullification.
Professor Moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene.
Could this have been an enema?
China's defence spending to rise 11.2%
PeopleSoft will commit $863 million in cash and issue 52.6 million new shares, the companies said.
Aso refuses to resign over Nazi comments
A white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow.
Samsung overtakes Nokia in phones
Six people are seated at a restaurant table and looking into the camera.
Albuquerque Mayor Martin Chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had "at least one of the fires resolved."
Prof Sally Baldwin, 63, from York, fell into a cavity which opened up when the structure collapsed at Tiburtina station, Italian railway officials said.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York.
Boston bombing suspect was under FBI surveillance, says mother
A new worm has been spreading rapidly across the Internet, sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates, antivirus vendors said Monday.
It depends on how long it's been out.
Gunmen kill 9 foreign tourists, 1 Pakistani
warmed.C from the year prior.
US believes Syria has probably used chemical weapons
A man is walking slowly across a rope bridge.
US believes Syrian government used chemical weapons
Added Mr. Prodi: "Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand our strengths and our weakness."
Two boy are playing on a trampoline.
Allen responds to Farrow's abuse claims in letter
Iranian exiles report deaths in Iraq camp
A young blonde girl wearing a smile and a bicycle helmet.
Two dogs are running in the field.
JK Rowling launches her first adult novel
Senate confirms Janet Yellen as next Federal Reserve Chair
NKorea executes Kim Jong Un' uncle
The man is putting on his shirt near an elevator.
Ah ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
The best way to clear your head after a study session is by taking on a vigorous physical exercise (min.
Foxe was mostly frozen.
A woman is sitting in an office.
A girl is making eyelid.
Oh, little town of Bethlehem — for real
Men are fighting after a basketball game.
Syrian war seen dragging on for years
But Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" by regulators might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product.
A woman is applying stickers to her face.
A man is throwing a penny into a fountain.
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.
White House, defense contractors discuss harm of automatic spending cuts
Iraq bombings kill at least 26
I don't see why this could be a problem.
A man is showing his dog to the camera.
The two men did a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people.
You do not need to worry.
A  man is dancing.
A white cat laying on an office chair.
"Then the captain was gone.
a breakdown of order in china will be worse than in afghanistan or yugoslavia.
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.
"I know of nobody who pressured anybody," Douglas Feith, undersecretary of defense for policy, said at a Pentagon briefing.
Tunisia president says confident can overcome political crisis
A woman is walking with a dog.
A boy is playing the trumpet.
Toronto yesterday had 64 probable cases of SARS and nine suspect cases.
A woman is sitting up asleep with her head resting on her hand.
The value will total about $124 million, including convertible securities, according to Corel.
Authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed SARS symptoms Dec. 10.
Parked white double decker bus.
He was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Antonin Scalia.
@Lustig Andrei, So Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy were compatible?
A youngster is sitting on a piano.
A man is carrying another man on his back.
Rapper C-Murder has been convicted of second-degree murder, a crime that carries an automatic life sentence, in the shooting death of a 16-year-old inside a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
Officials: Romney to get Secret Service protection
It's pretty ridiculous that I've seen airlines ask for these to be turned off at times.
Saudi-born Nigerian charged with terrorism in New York
Yes, that is exactly what it means.
His daughter, Nina Axelrod, told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep, apparently of heart failure.
Zambia's ex-President Rupiah Banda arrested
2 rockets hit in the Eshkol region; no injuries
The lady made some slices on the shrimp.
A flat screen TV on the floor.
Volcano erupts in Indonesia -100,000 evacuated and airports closed
A small dog is chasing a yoga ball.
A woman is exercising her abs.
Last night Japanese forces attacked Hong Kong.
The world's first portal potty was soon to be rolled out at summer festivals in Great Britain.
A teenager talks to a girl over a webcam.
the third proposal was that countries should advance with the times and seek a fair, reasonable and effective way to enhance the nuclear non-proliferation regime through broad consultation.
the abductee support group hopes parliament will change the laws soon.
china is an important force for safeguarding world peace.
Two women sheering a sheep.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
Ursel Reisen confirmed it had been operating the coach, but declined to give details of the passengers other than to say they were of mixed ages.
"Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, and we remain hopeful we can do so," chief executive Marce Fuller said.
Shares of Gillette closed down 45 cents at $33.70 in trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
People step off a train.
chinese foreign ministry spokesman qin gang was asked to respond to cheney's speech on china's military development.
A man is doing tricks with a soccer ball.
two motorbikes on a dirt track.
The expansion of space means that objects in cosmological distances are receding away from each other.
Heatley underwent surgery Saturday for a broken jaw and an MRI found two torn ligaments in his right knee.
A dog is walking along the edge of a pool.
French gunman wants to 'die with weapons in hands'
Pro-Russia rebels to hold vote in Ukraine
7 police officers were killed and 4 officers were wounded.
Three Afghans killed in suicide attack
During a screaming match in 1999, Carolyn told John she was still sleeping with Bergin.
Two blasts near Iranian embassy in Beirut, 7 killed
A man is holding onto handles in the air.
The rebels are also calling for the deployment of a U.S.-led peacekeeping force.
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended the deadline to Oct. 17, and they are still working on it.
North Korea conducts third nuclear test
To answer your question, yes, I think blogging your fiction will hurt your attempts to be traditionally published later.
Warm , maybe record.
A dog digs a hole in a yard.
A cruise ship docked at a coast.
Both are being held in the Armstrong County Jail.
Declines in US stock market moderate
Supreme Court takes on affirmative action in Michigan ban case
Tropical Storm Isaac boosts jobless claims
Israel Carrying Out Ground Offensive In Gaza
Congolese warlord sentenced to 14 years in landmark case - video
Egyptians vote on divisive constitution
This breaks the daily record of  set in .
Two people are in bed.
He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold, Moriarty thought.
A little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background.
Bomb Kills 19 In Northwest Pakistan
11 children killed in Syria bombings
We are moving "... relative to the comoving cosmic rest frame ... at some 371 km/s towards the constellation Leo".
UN says US drones violate Pakistan's sovereignty
Two Asian men and Asian woman sit in black massage chairs.
Shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $29.42, before the earnings were announced.
Radical Islamists in Mali enlist new militia
A woman is applying eyeshadow.
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said the push for higher standards and accountability "is showing results."
Girls are walking on the stage.
South Africa mine clash kills at least 30
The fire spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them as deputies held back firefighters.
The lady looks sad because no one is buying her wares.
Those expressions could have slightly different meanings especially when talking about finance.
Two firefighters killed in New York ambush
A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror.
A red and gray train is going through a tunnel.
Also missing is Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas, who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike.
A person is slicing a tomato.
A man is eating a pizza.
Romney Wins Nevada Caucus
A person is dicing an onion.
Militant attack from Afghanistan kills FC soldier in Balochistan
Iran nuclear talks expected to resume this week
A man plays a wooden flute.
Sales for the quarter beat expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.
It is difficult, if not impossible, to give a complete answer to this question.
You could probably get a tour agency to do it for you but it would cost you.
Two dogs play together on the bed.
Australia can eclipse England in Windies
A woman slices a lemon.
Indian stocks close lower
No charges have been filed in those deaths, but Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas said authorities were "continuing to make significant progress" in the case.
You want others to decide over a woman body.
Red buses are parked by a large white building beside a formal garden.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.
Australia cuts interest rate to record low 2.75%
To my knowledge, there's no time requirement.
A red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth.
A girl is playing guitar.
Putin claims victory in presidential vote
Bolivia's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the food-starved capital on Wednesday as a popular uprising against the president spread.
A grey dog standing in a grassy field.
The privately held Google is believed to be profitable.
Syrian journalists killed in capital
Doctor treating Aurora shooting suspect had medical reprimand
A woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
A man is talking on a cell phone.
The New Democrats also renewed their commitment to no health-care privatization and no premiums.
A dog runs on brown grass.
State Dept. issues wide travel alert, says terror attack possible
The man is putting chicken into the container.
A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track.
For completeness, Apple's Pages has quite a few nice poster layouts.
A black dog running on a beach.
Israel agrees to extend Gaza truce by four hours
A woman is slicing egg plant.
Hezbollah calls for more anti-Islam film protests
A woman is mixing eggs.
That was up from the year-ago quarter, when the company earned $54.3 million, or 22 cents a share.
Vice President Dick Cheney and Mississippi Republican gubernatorial candidate Haley Barbour acknowledge the cheering crowd.
-CryptoLutheran No. We have a Christian in office right now.
A rabbit is running from an eagle.
Internet, phone service restored in Syrian capital
A dog is barking at a ball.
A man pours cleaner in his sink.
But neither he nor Peace Rules could keep Funny Cide from drawing away.
the center will formally open in 2009.
Two men walk toward a dome-shaped building.
If I'm angry, it will show up in one of those scans..
Kuwait: Activists storm Syrian embassy; two injured
The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off.
I think it's going to depend on what the reasons are.
Trans fats are created when vegetable oil has been partially hydrogenated, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products.
A man is feeding a mice to a snake.
Japan to deport Chinese held over island landing
Pope’s butler arrested in scandal over Vatican leaks
It's all about adhesion.
As Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but hundreds who ran the war have returned to the United States.
Two dogs playing in grass.
"They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous," said the Oscar-winning film director.
A baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll.
Although a small city-state, Singapore is the 12th-largest trading partner of the United States, with trade volume of $33.4 billion last year.
The man had entered the post office on Woodside Avenue at Maine Avenue shortly before 3 p.m.
pressing one does not "do" english.
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3.
President Obama reveals plans to withdraw troops from Afghanistan by 2016
"However, we are not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment."
The UK population is just over  million.
The black dog is running through the snow.
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico Sunday and was expected to hit somewhere along the Texas or Louisiana coasts by Monday night.
West raises stakes over Syria chemical claims
A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard.
First, the turtles are eating the fish because fish are food, not friends.
Syrian army retakes historic Crusader castle
Red double decker bus with hood up.
Two women are sheering a white sheep inside of a wooden building.
Obama to set out gun control plans
An older child is playing with a doll while gazing out the window.
The pound also made progress against the dollar, reached fresh three-year highs at $1.6789.
A living room with a dining table in the background.
The 6-3 ruling reinstates a law that told libraries to install filters or surrender federal money.
In the United States, jails are operated by cities and counties (or equivalent).
"They were brutally beaten, and it's really a wonder that Porchia is the only deceased in this case."
Now, Blanca's husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk of Tracy, faces a murder indictment issued by the Philippine government in February.
A girl is playing a flute.
Bangladesh factory owners arrested
A woman is grating carrots.
Sens. John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak.
A man fishing on a small boat while on a lake.
The Face Of The Franchise: The worst part is that he's not even a Leafs fan!
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
Blair's government included the charge that Saddam sought uranium from Niger in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for military action.
A sheep grazing in a field.
Syria must destroy chemical weapons
Hollande arrives for US state visit
Obama: Patriot missile batteries, troops to stay in Jordan near Syrian border
7 killed in attacks in Iraq
A trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail.
A boy is playing a key-board.
Tropical Storm Isaac threatens dam
A potato is being peeled.
France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. approval for the war, also sought changes.
All Eyes on Capriles as Venezuela Election Set
Islamists kill 21 in suicide attacks in Niger
The blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others.
Nations like Israel and Australia already have such status.
A woman with a surprised look on her face is holding a smiling woman from behind.
Tokyo wins race to host 2020 Olympics
Montenegrin police fire teargas to disperse opposition
A dark brown horse standing in a field.
A man is doing a wheelie on a bike.
A man played the guitar.
Two young women shear a sheep.
Implications of Palestinian reconciliation
"And about eight to 10 seconds down, I hit.
There is no more egg cell post-fertilization.
Bangladesh: Crackdown Escalates Ahead of Election
A person is chopping shrimp with a knife.
Fundimental difference, please?
Nigerian MP charged with accepting $3m bribe
A helicopter is landing on a helipad.
Originally Posted by spikdboy Not wishful thinking, rather realistic.
Obama meets with Mandela family
the conventional forces in europe treaty was a key soviet-era arms control treaty.
Rep. of Congo: 236 Dead After Arms Depot Blasts
A Washington County man may have the countys first human case of West Nile virus, the health department said Friday.
So, short form, yes, it probably is different in different countries.
Shots fired at German ambassador's residence in Athens
UN confirms sarin used in Syria attack
To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service.
A group of people in front of a red fire truck.
Zuccarini was ordered held without bail Wednesday by a federal judge in Fort Lauderdale, Fla.
Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday
The impact of sanctions on Russia
Strong earthquake hits Mexico
A dog under the stairs
As many as 30 people were believed to be trapped inside initially, the state police said.
Her son would get upset, his mom said, but then turn around and befriend his taunters.
Yes, dew (wetness in the environment) factor can change the direction of a match.
Morsi supporters clash with riot police in Cairo
The legal ruling follows three days of wild volatility in RIM's stock over speculation that PC giant Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.
Charges over dog attack on police
India Ink: Image of the Day: May 2
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the smoking law would have prevented bar and restaurant patrons from lighting up, but exempted private clubs from the regulation.
The man poured oil on the tomato slices.
wi sung-lac refused to give any details about the north korean nuclear reactor project.
A South African Airways plane is flying in a blue sky.
A man is riding on a boat.
Chances are picking the seeds once it's gone to seed isn't going to actually encourage new growth.
A man is playing his guitar.
Oil prices rise on hopes for stimulus
Euro crisis is over, says France's Francois Hollande
Allen defends self against Farrow's abuse claims
lima is the capital of
Pro-life also refers to just "opposition to abortion".
Death toll in Syria over 100,000 so far
Colorado wildfire destroys more than 90 homes as winds worsen
What makes India vote? Debate at Jaipur Literature Festival
US stocks open higher despite GDP miss
Indian troops kill Pakistani soldier along Kashmir line of control
Khan Said named as new Pakistani Taliban leader after Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike
Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.
It would take three votes to kill the ACC's expansion.
Cyclone Phailin evacuation kept Indian villagers alive
"The issue has been resolved," Marlins President David Samson said through a club spokesman.
This sounds a bit unusual.
The government did not identify the taikonauts -- a term coined from taikong, the Chinese word for space.
Has Annie ever used her sexuality like that?
Washington, however, said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place.
Microsoft to cut 18,000 jobs in overhaul
Two racers are coming to a turn.
Manchester United owner Malcolm Glazer dies at 85
A longed-haired cat with it's eyes closed.
"Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end," said Hit resident Abu Qasim.
Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery, Virginia Carnes said.
A man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water.
You didn't mention PFA before that one post.
Putin claims victory in Russia's presidential election
I've stored pancakes in the freezer for over two month and not had any freezer burn.
Bremer, 61, is a former assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger.
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and barred from the complex - home to his mother and two children.
Thousands protest gay marriage
Black bird sitting on a concrete slab.
AbbVie cools on $55bn Shire deal after US tax changes
It will cost about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.
A woman is shooting a gun.
a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in his mouth.
A person is adding oil in the pan.
A man sprays another man with water from a hose.
I guess I pulled it out of the census's rear end in a top hat.
Sewol ferry crew faces trial
A black and white cat sleeping on its side on a purple blanket.
A dog in in a car.
Someone is pouring tomato sauce into a pot of meat.
US releases initial report on fracking impacts on water
The girl has a driver's license
Hispanics, the fastest growing ethnic group in the US, have overtaken blacks to become the largest minority in the US, according to newly released government figures.
A kitchendiner with papers laying on the blue clothed dining table.
The man spread butter on the loaf of bread.
A smiling young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna poses at table outdoors.
Volkswagen's "gesture of goodwill" to diesel owners
Israeli security forces arrest 8 Palestinians in overnight West Bank sweeps
For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.
n.r. mohanty stated that an agreement had been signed between the defense research and development organisation, hindustan aeronautics limited and the indian air force to upgrade india's ageing fleet of mig-27 m aircraft.
Suspected drone strike kills 4 in Pakistan
2 of the zambians arrested are juveniles.
the accused will be charged with international drug trafficking.
Chavez heir Maduro wins Venezuela's presidency
A woman in a black bikini top and jeans.
Chinese stocks close lower Thursday
Two hockey players fighting on the ice.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646.
Four kids holding hands jump into a swimming pool.
A woman is slicing garlic.
A man in a yellow shirt wears a gold, sun-shaped mask.
Iranians Vote in Presidential Election
"We condemn this raid which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable," London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters by telephone.
I don't think there is a single definition.
A man jumps into a wall.
Activists: Syrian troops kill dozens near Damascus
Crews worked to install a new culvert and repave the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel.
US Capitol Hill on lockdown after shots fired
Chinese News Agency Slams Delays in Search for Jet
Two boys are playing a video game.
Two women are running.
Damascus 'suicide bombing' kills 10
elbaradei is the international atomic energy agency chief.
Syria launches ground assault in Aleppo
More than 30 striking miners killed
Connolly said FBI agents in San Diego and abroad spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
Chinese stocks open higher Thursday
George Washington's copy of US Constitution sells for $9.8m
Some children are raising their hands and clapping.
Israel threatens action against Gaza aid ship
A puppy is trying to come out from the sink.
"Three Weeks in October" goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started.
The technique is used during the second and, occasionally, third trimester of pregnancy.
it will be hosted by the australian government.
A woman picks up and holds a baby kangaroo.
The black and brown cow is standing on the green grass.
4 dead, 30 injured in train collision near Moscow
A person is riding a motorcyle.
Altria Group Inc. MO.N fell 50 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $41.81.
A BMW motorcycle parked between two cars.
The woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.
If your long stay visa for Switzerland is valid, then you will not need a transit visa.
China to resume US investment talks
Foreigners among dead in Kabul hotel attack
I'm considering spending the $48 per month on the GTD (Getting things done) system advertised by David Allen.
Your good friend Mitt.
Assad Accuses US of Fueling Syrian Uprising
The first trial of a suspect in last year's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in Indonesia today, Sky News reported.
A person paints a picture of a large building which can be seen in the background.
A man dressed in a Santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building.
Football: Messi hits 300th Barcelona goal in comeback win
The old woman in shorts and a white t-shirt is standing on a path watching children play.
Two people in a red canoe on a clear lake.
My experience with Danios has that they always have been "bossy" fish.
A dog leaping over a hurdle.
a spokesman for stockwell day was not immediately available for
A girl is close to a boy whose face is not shown.
A man stands next to a helmeted man on a motorcycle in an empty parking lot.
Homs mortar fire kills 105
N Korea 'fires 100 shells' into the sea
Ryan Harvey, a high school outfielder from Florida, was chosen sixth by the Cubs.
Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.
Two skydivers dead after colliding during US jump
Armstrong standing down from Livestrong
A woman is playing an electric guitar.
A girl in water without goggles or a swimming cap.
The British pound flexed its muscle against the dollar, last up 1 percent at $1.6672.
British police deny protecting sex abuser Savile
A onion is being sliced.
1 dead, 39 injured in E China road accident
Our daughter has always loved her bath, but coming out... not so much.
Stanford (51-17) and Rice (57-12) will play for the national championship tonight.
Outside the court, Sriyanto, who faces up to 25 years' jail, denied he had done anything wrong.
WTO: India regrets action of developed nations
A baby rhino is following an adult rhino.
U.S. Senate sets off gun control debate
Nutrax The plural of anecdote is not data Did gentlemen need chaperones?
On Tuesday, before Byrd's speech, Fleischer said Bush wanted ''to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing.
the treat was originally signed in 1990.
Contraceptive pill 'doubles glaucoma risk'
A man and a woman are different yes.
The Nasdaq composite index advanced 20.59, or 1.3 percent, to 1,616.50, after gaining 5.7 percent last week.
Two girls jump out of swings.
Red Fox standing by.
Proving that the Millville son's sacrifice would not go unsung, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast for the next 30 days.
Still, revenues from the extra premiums would not be huge.
Pope Francis commemorates dead migrants at Lampedusa
Egypt Launches Offensive Against Sinai Militants
Romney vows to restore 'promise of America'
Sudan accuses Israel of airstrike on arms factory
Egypt Youth Leader Detained for Four Days
Poll: Putin to win Russia presidential vote
Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue
3yo Palestinian girl killed in Israeli raid
Two ducks are standing by the water.
Shares in BA were down 1.5 percent at 168 pence by 1420 GMT, off a low of 164p, in a slightly stronger overall London market.
Ukrainian Prime Minister Azarov and entire government resign
the iranian government says the nuclear program is peaceful.
Two women make something in a blender.
A brown dog in running on grass.
A man wearing suspenders and sunglasses leaps up in the air with his arms and legs spread out to the side.
"I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?'"
So YES, we DO read the bible to learn about Christianity.
Someone is playing a gameboy.
A woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs.
Obama takes 'selfie' at Mandela's funeral service
the deal has been in process for several years.
South Africa: Mandela remains in hospital
All eyes on Khurshid‚Äôs trip ...
You wanna know what I find curious?
Hague 'concerns over conduct' of Zimbabwe election
North Korea says detained American tourist to face trial
the defendants smuggled more than 11 kilograms (24 pounds) of heroin.
Brown dog splashing into the water.
"We are very pleased with the judge's decision," Merrill said yesterday.
A dog is looking into swimming pool.
A animal is eating.
There is a relatively narrow set of people who are eligible to be wandering in the restricted areas.
As mentioned in previous answers, rats and gerbils can be offered instead of mice or in a rotation with mice.
Johnston made $5.8 million in salary and bonus in 2001 as president, and as a part-time adviser earned $1 million in 2002.
Britain set to deport of Abu Qatada
The team in blue is playing a game against the team in white
The best thing you can do is find something else interesting to do while you wait on hold.
Egypt's military takes control over Muslim Brotherhood, supporters
A black and white dog is running through grass.
A young girl running on the beach.
A woman is applying eye liner.
The woman is riding a horse.
Personal responsibility much?
A Japanese swordsman jumps into the air.
A woman is cutting a block of tofu into small cubes.
At the highest level, a pace setter helps ensure they meet their game plan for the race exactly.
the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe.
U.S. ready to help Chinese activist: official
Ebbers' lawyer, Reid Weingarten, said despite the thorough investigation, "the best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions."
Syria rebels: We killed Hezbollah men in Lebanon
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded.
Saudi gas truck blast kills at least 22
The drop in core wholesale prices in April reflected falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boy's clothes and cigarettes.
I have never heard or seen the phrase you mention.
Seven peacekeepers killed in Sudan's Darfur
How do you know what's right and wrong?
I have two suspicions: One, you're undercooking your roux, the flour and butter mixture, and not fully incorporating the flour.
It said the patents were "allegedly" assigned to Syndia in 2001 through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership.
Stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming from Wild 2.
It assumes that methane growth rate accelerates by .%/yr.
A black and white dog is playing with a tan dog.
A black table with white fuzzy chair.
India starts voting in world's largest election
A woman is dicing some peeled potatoes cut into thick strips.
A white airplane is on a runway.
Sailboat sailing on a cloudy day.
Kosovo: 3 get jail time in organ trafficking case
One dog is chasing the other.
New Zealand set to legalise gay marriage
Audi to buy motorcycle maker Ducati
A man peels an apple.
two men sit on a bench.
And when asked if he felt regret or guilt about the attack his answer was an adamant "no".
Gov't committee approves release of 26 Palestinian prisoners
Nelson Mandela Goes Home After Hospital Stay
the treaty is one of several issues causing tense relations between the governments of russia and the u.s. and europe.
You don't, it will not work.
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the government was free to withhold the names of more than 700 people detained in the aftermath of Sept. 11, 2001.
Nevada: 2 dead, 2 hurt in middle school shooting
A dog running on the beach
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order.
Someone is stirring a pot of chili with a spoon.
When using a regular taxi make sure it's with a reputable company or you agree upon the rate upfront.
The missile exploded.
Women swimmers are diving in from the starting platform.
Today in History, Jan. 21
"This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals," Raymond said.
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20, 1999.
Peterson told police he left his wife at about 9:30 a.m. on Dec. 24 to fish alone in San Francisco Bay.
anatoly sokolov announced-- soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient.
Two children walking down a path in the woods.
Kerry: $4b Palestinian Economic Plan Could Work
The curious boys look in the shed.
A woman and three kids play at a park.
"But HRT should not be used to prevent heart disease or any other chronic condition."
Gunmen surround Libyan foreign ministry to push demands
'Around 100 dead or injured' after China earthquake
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, turned himself in in June; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces.
I haven't made any claims.
Chicago teacher strike poses test for unions
South Korean Workers Start Leaving Joint Factory Zone
Gartner's report said global WLAN equipment shipments reached 19.5 million last year, a 120 percent increase over 2001's 8.9 million units.
North American markets finished mixed in directionless trading Monday as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators move into the spotlight.
Stocks rise on hopes for a Fed stimulus
North warns of retaliation for Seoul's naval drill plan
Still, he said, "I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill."
The first health-care worker in the country to die of SARS was a Filipina-Canadian who contracted the disease at North York General Hospital, the site of the second outbreak.
A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum.
Gunmen kill one soldier, injure two others in Pakistan
Two dogs playing in snow.
Merkel Wins Big in Germany Election
"In so many different ways, the artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history," Bush said.
The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth.
4 dead, 3 injured in east China road accident
Poland president loses to challenger
Mayday: fears for asylum seekers
lee stated that the coa has spent the past several years setting up relevant mechanisms and drafting a set of promotional measures to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology.
She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death.
Colorado shooting suspect was under psychiatrist's care
A man is performing tricks with a soccer ball.
In the second quarter, Anadarko now expects volume of 46 million BOE, down from 48 million BOE.
A squirrel is spinning around in circles.
Where in the world is the MEDIA??
China stock index futures close lower -- Jan. 24
sheik doon salad ilmi said civilian casualties resulting from overnight mortar and rocket attacks happen every day.
Sex attack on woman investigated
A man is carrying another man over his shoulder.
A man sits crossed legged on a bed watching a small TV.
China lands robot rover on moon
The mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards.
Boy Scouts delay decision on admitting gays
Attacks in Iraq kill general and 4 others
Egypt 'freezes Muslim Brotherhood assets'
The Note's Must-Reads for Wednesday, May 30, 2012
A large boat in the water at the marina.
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida became one of the first in the nation Saturday to officially reject the national denomination's policies on homosexuality.
occupied Palestinian territory: Israel warns on security as Gaza truce talks resume
Dozens of Egyptians hostages taken by Libyan terrorists as revenge for airstrikes
AL renews condemnation on Syria's violence
A man is wind sailing in the ocean.
Egyptian forces move to clear pro-Morsi protest camps
The man is balancing on the wire.
A tiger attacks a man.
The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 people were killed.
A dog leaping over a chain.
A man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall.
The woman is wearing yellow.
australian television reporter peter lloyd faces 3 new drug charges in singapore.
That compared with a year-earlier profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.
Women are dancing outside.
Three children playing in hay
A man is emptying a plastic container.
A woman is squeezing some cucumber slices.
A young man is riding a skateboard and jumps onto a sidewalk then off at another curb.
myanmar is the world's largest producer of illegal opium but has limited financial and technical resources for ending the drug trade.
A man and boy walking along a beach with the sea in the background.
Is this the kind of thing you're looking for ?
Jagan Reddy shifted to hospital, power crisis continues in Seemandhra
To give this an answer:
Two women shearing a white sheep in a wooden stall.
The woman droppped eggplant into the pan.
The people are leaving the airplane.
A cat is playing keyboards.
A close-up of a woman with black boots next to a blue motorcycle.
There's an iPhone app called Groups which might be helpful.
Spain asks for bank rescue
The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - Dallager - for failing to address the scandal.
I don't prefix or suffix everything with "you hate Jews."
Afghan president extends visit to Pakistan for Taliban talks
A red haired women in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree.
I managed to find this recipe, I think this is where I got the idea.
A man in a library is talking.
A women riding a mountain bike on a large concrete area.
2 British soldiers killed in Afghan insider attack
A man is riding a bike.
Red grapes, blueberries boost human immunity
Thousands evacuated after fire breaks out in Moscow Metro
the killers escaped.
A person is cutting  boiled egg into pieces.
A person is on a baseball team.
A boy is playing a game on a laptop.
15 killed in crash in India
US soldier accused of Afghan massacre hires prominent criminal lawyer
A woman is squeezing juice out of a lemon.
A man is folding a piece of paper.
Saudi man with pressure cooker arrested at Detroit airport
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, had begun to read the Bible daily.
Facilitator : And why is she the dumb child?
Syria says suicide bomber kills 10 in Damascus
Car bombs kill at least 47 in Baghdad area
In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average a gauge of 30 blue chip stocks was up 3.29 points or 0.04 per cent to 8,585.97.
Syrian civil war peace talks at risk from Iran invitation
In turning down the NIMA offer, Gehman said, ''there were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals here.
Through Thursday, Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered.
As bikeboy389 said, you can learn a lot by looking at students' native languages.
A little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter.
A small blond boy slides head first down a blue playground slide toward another blond youth.
NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden leaves Hong Kong on flight to Moscow
Bangladesh collapse search over; death toll 1,127
A woman is cutting up some meat.
5 Things to Know About the Sochi Olympics
Boys are dancing in front of people.
I'm so sorry to hear this Kelly.
"Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through," she said.
Two dogs running together and one has a duck toy in its mouth.
Oil firm asked rogue trader about meeting with minister
A grey hound is active in a grassy field.
Cracklin' Rosie by Neil Diamond We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Heavy Smog Hits North China City, Flights Canceled
A black dog is running in the grass.
Ukraine rebels 'flee eastern stronghold'
A three-judge panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled late Friday that the small size, limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate.
Scrimshaw, Supervisor, Best Minister and Ten Most Wanted are expected to complete the Belmont field.
Man in Afghan army uniform kills NATO soldier
A woman is cutting potatoes.
UN: Iran Invited to Attend Syrian Peace Conference
Anti-American fury sweeps Middle East over film
The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.
UN Security Council hears Yemen envoy's final ...
Many sheep standing on a green hill.
The court's three-judge tribunal was expected to give its verdict next February.
A cat is playing with a watermelon on a floor.
Someone is slicing a cucumber.
A man is working on his farm.
SUBJECTIVE DVORAK INTENSITY ESTIMATES FROM TAFB AND SAB INCREASED TO  KT.
Gore Vidal dead at 86: Legendary author, playwright, and politician dies
Iran nuke talks begin amid hopes of progress
6.1-magnitude quake strikes Indonesia
A surfer is riding a wave.
A man is opening a box using a knife.
Did anyone see the footage of this?
Russia convicts dead lawyer Magnitsky in posthumous trial
5 wounded in Ohio school shooting
Near a mosque in the northern town of Mosul, rebel gunmen also assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
Eight more bodies found on ship
A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck.
if japan rises to the occasion japan will never be beaten even in terms of military power.
Bodies of MH17 crash victims flown to Netherlands
Four dogs playing in the snow.
A man is riding a red motorcycle on the road.
The woman is pencilling on eye shadow.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged up 13.33 points, or 0.15 percent, to 9,196.55.
French Socialists win absolute parliament majority
Syria denies reports of deadly Damascus nerve gas attack
A tan puppy being held and petted.
Barclays hit by fresh U.S. investigations
I am in a similar situation.
Generations divided over gay marriage
One general key to not feeling dejected is to avoid comparing yourself to others.
EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington.
As with the definition of Palestine, the definition of Israel varies depending on whom you ask.
UK vote rejects military action
12 Dead, Despite Cease-fire in East Ukraine
Sunday Times journalist Marie Colvin killed in Syria
libyan foreign minister abdel rahman shalgam visited london during the first visit by a libyan foreign minister since 1969.
Two Santa trackers competing this Christmas
From Broadway comedies like "The Seven Year Itch" (1952), "Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?"
There are two possible causes for this:
The dog is playing with a plastic container.
5 nations meet on haze
A Tale of Two Passes: How The New York Giants Won The Super Bowl
A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal.
Prairie dogs are believed to have become infected in a pet shop through a Gambian rat imported from Africa.
The No. 11 airline in the world, Air Canada has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
It very much depends on the grant in question.
Sally Baldwin, from York, was killed instantly when a walkway collapsed and she fell into the machinery at Tiburtina station.
Syrian soldiers killed in bomb attack
It really doesn't matter.
A moose drinks from a sprinkler.
A man with a pistol shoots another man.
A law is constitutional if it does not conflict with the Constitution.
Next week, John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who Sunday became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange, will take up his position.
How do you know which story is the right one?
About 60 Crushed to Death in Ivory Coast Stampede
Algeria hostage death toll rises
Kevin Rudd sworn in as Australian prime minister
Obama mulls limited military action in Syria
At first blush, then, the creators of the registry would seem to have drawn the line between exempted and banned calls in the right place.
A woman standing in front of trees and smiling.
A woman picks up a baby kangaroo.
- Admin DrPizza and i'd forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are.
A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.
Protests continue in Brazil
2 pro-Palestinian activists arrested at B-G Airport
A group of people standing outside of a building.
The differences between Grassley and Thomas on energy and Medicare have become so pointed that other members say their angry personal relationship is embarrassing the party.
Two dogs approach each other in the grass.
A woman plays the guitar.
The person is riding the horse.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 194.14 points, or 2.09 percent, to 9,469.20 after sinking more than 1 percent a day earlier.
A woman pours oil into a skillet from a plastic bottle while she is talking.
China police seek eight suspects over crash
That's simple logic If it wasn't bollocks it wouldn't be homeopathy.
A person is mixing a pot.
Wreckage from AirAlgerie flight AH5017 found in Mali
physicist valentin danilov was found guilty of selling classified information on space technology to china.
Matt Smith quits BBC’s Doctor Who
A television, upholstered chair, and coffee stable in a bright room.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index rose 3.42 points, or 0.34 percent, to 1,007.84.
4 dead after police standoff with gunman barricaded in US home
US officials said downward "rotor wash" generated by the hovering helicopter stripped the flag from the tower.
Canadian government approves controversial oil pipeline to Pacific
South Korean economic growth falls to 3-year low
Pakistan blocks Twitter over 'blasphemy'
The man is up in the air.
Putin casts ballot as Russians vote
A black and white cat gets into a basket of yarn.
I have exactly the same problem.
Nonetheless, the open-source guru insisted, "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."
The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern.
A man is petting two dogs.
Venezuelans urged to vote in presidential election
As an complement to the other answers, let me address the question of why planets tend towards tidal locking.
a young child running along the shore at a beach
A cat rapidly swats a kid in the head.
Again I think you are missing the point on the Twain quote.
A person is holding two baby lorises.
Lebanon businesses strike in protest at political impasse
A player catching a ball.
Russia delivers humanitarian aid to Syrian refugees in Lebanon
a dog with a Frisbee in its mouth, jumps over a man.
Three boys are running on the beach playing a game.
Queen Beatrix of The Netherlands to abdicate for son
A man with glasses and two plastic bottles in the foreground.
It exploded in his hands, but the former Italian prime minister was unhurt.
2 dead, 8 injured in central Israel traffic accident
The Marlins only said: "The issue has been resolved."
Religion that does that I have a problem with.
alstom is in competition with japanese and german countries for the contract.
Head of CIA resigns over affair
A man in a wet suit is throwing a baby wearing a wet suit up into the air.
Pakistan Taliban vows revenge, to repay Hakimullah's killing in bloodshed
A man and a woman are talking to each other.
The child is the woman's kid.
The number of households acquiring music fell from a high of 14.5 million in April to 12.7 million in May and 10.4 million in June, according to NPD.
A red double decker bus is picking up more passengers in a city.
Iran, atomic agency in first talks since Rowhani election
"Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," he said during a press briefing at the hospital.
- I didnt say he planned on apprehending him.
Excluding one-time items, it expects profit of 11 cents to 15 cents a share.
9 killed, 168 injured in latest Cairo clashes
6 dead, several missing in Mont Blanc avalanche
I didn't mention restraining order either.
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.
Still refusing to answer my questions?
On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.
But the US insisted it wanted more done to prevent complaints being filed in the first place, preferably by repealing the entire law.
Suicide Bombers Kill 3 Soldiers in Pakistan
Mr Alibek said: "Our outcomes are very encouraging.
Pope thanks public for joining his Syria vigil
US drone kills two in eastern Afghanistan
You'll need to check the particular policies of each publisher to see what is allowed and what is not allowed.
"The other guy, he's ashamed of his party, and I don't blame him.
A person sitting on a motorcycle while a man stands by.
There’s also at least three suspected cases in Illinois and 11 in Indiana.
For Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly), the house means stability and family.
Nato condemns Ukraine crackdown
A woman is doing ballet.
At least 38 Morsi supporters die in clashes
Palestinian official slams Israel's stone-throwing bill
EU lifts diamond sanctions against Zimbabwe
A passenger train in the snow.
A woman is bungee jumping.
A group of people are outside a decrepit building.
ALL of the electrical energy comes from the battery.
A woman is placing food in a pot of hot water.
A young pitcher is throwing the baseball.
Spain princess testifies in historic fraud probe
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 40.12, or 0.5 percent, at 8,571.69, having fallen 51 points Monday.
A boy in a robe sits in a chair.
@NickFun, Has anyone heard from Dutchy?
Men and women are different yes?
A man is walking down stairs.
U.S. military jettisons bombs near Australia's Great Barrier Reef
A man is petting a dog.
Being drunk is unacceptable.
Germans represent more than a quarter of all foreign visitors to Italy and 40 percent of hotel bookings.
Egypt increases security before pro-Morsi protests
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, as an example of how JI uses marriage to grow.
A woman cuts up some meat.
The two dogs are running on the grass.
Former British PM Margaret Thatcher dies
A boy is playing an instrument.
Five killed in Saudi Arabia shooting
I do not think it's a good idea.
A horse is running.
North American stock markets got off to a slow start Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
Simple answer is yes, flower shoots on lettuce is a sure sign of bolting.
India, China ink border pact; 8 other agreements
"[They] were defined by dedication and courage," said the CIA's director George Tenet.
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America.
The battle around VeriSign"s three-week-old Site Finder service rages on.
non-proliferation expert at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that the iaea report -- had an unusually strong tenor.
A kitten is playing with a woman's finger.
For fiction, I have little proof to show of blogs being published as print and/or ebooks.
Technically speaking, an emotion is not different from thought the way it is processed in brain, both involve neurotransmitters.
Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.
Several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans.
a blue and red airplane while in flight.
As of Tuesday, almost 250 health-care workers were in quarantine.
China trade returns to surplus in March
I found it difficult to mark just one answer as correct because all are.
The woman is seasoning the oil.
China treasury bond futures close mixed Wednesday
Pakistan avalanche: rescuers search for buried soldiers
U.S. Capitol Police evacuated the Capitol yesterday after a sensor detected a possible biohazard in the Senate wing, but authorities later said it was a false alarm.
US drone strike kills four in NWA: officials
The big white dog is running in the grass.
A person is cutting a potato.
At least 28 people die in Chinese coal mine explosion
A pig is agitating a lion.
Indian building collapse death toll rises to 72
A dog runs through a field chasing a ball.
We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
Israel, Palestinians seek another meeting Monday: U.S. official
Netanyahu set to call early vote
A brown dog is jumping
You definitely do NOT want to be supporting your weight with your arms on the bike for normal riding.
capital offenses in iran include murder, rape, armed robbery, apostasy, blasphemy, serious drug trafficking, repeated sodomy, adultery, prostitution, treason and espionage.
Hunting for clues in Boston bombing
This over the top photo shows two men taking a break.
Italian Foreign Minister confers with Ghana VP
Suicide bomber kills 12 in Nigeria church
Jaguar to create 1,100 jobs in UK
Age is not a PhD admission facor in the continental Europe, too.
The man played his guitar with a friend.
French raid wine cellar for austerity auction
The woman is waiting for her date.
Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying.
Three young men run, jump, and kick off of a Coke machine.
According to the 2000 Census, Long Beach's Hispanic or Latino population was listed at 35.8 percent.
A woman is cutting some flowers.
Killer may have filmed France school shooting
Mubarak's sons face new charges of insider trading
The woman has something with her.
A Merrill Lynch spokesman said "we are pleased with the judge's decision."
Analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $17.7 billion, Thomson First Call says.
Our current vehicles will be in museums when everyone has their own aircraft.
US drone strike kills 5 militants in Pakistan
Russin did not comment; his lawyer did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
In 1999, the building's owners, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1{ inches.
A man is playing on his keyboard.
A person is boiling noodles.
Death toll in building collapse in south India mounts to 47
A ginger and white cat curled up and asleep on a leather chair.
Goa building collapse death toll touches 15
The man is shooting an automatic rifle.
Sri Lanka's Tamils Vote for Greater Autonomy
A guy is singing while playing his guitar.
Feds move to require car-to-car safety communication
Quake of 6.2 magnitude strikes off Indonesia's Sumatra - USGS
A dog with a stick follows another dog through the water.
Hispanics have officially overtaken African Americans as the largest minority group in the US, according to a report released by the US Census Bureau.
A man is eating pasta.
chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman jiang yu stated that cyber hacking is a global issue.
If the universe has an explanation of its existence, that explanation is God.
russian president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty due to circumstances that affect the security of the russian federation and require immediate measure.
I'm "a bunch of cells."
A dog running through the water.
This question has already been widely discussed and answered on Skeptics.
The sun is rising behind trees.
A man slices an onion.
"Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court," Mirant CEO Marce Fuller said in a prepared statement early Friday.
Israel ends airstrike case; Palestinians critical
Enron's 401(k) plan covered about 20,000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries.
A red moped parked on a sidewalk in front of graffiti.
myanmar government stated myanmar is on track to be drug-free by 2014.
If you do not have a very strong scientific reason to do it, don't.
A man is smoking.
Of those three, only Dillard's responded to the survey that ranked 45 large companies on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.
Third man arrested in Savile sex abuse probe
China's 1st Pilot Free Trade Zone Opens
A man is shown slicing a carrot with a knife.
Russians rally against Putin's rule
Bangla militants escape from prison van in bomb ambush
Bolivia's Morales says he would grant asylum to Snowden if asked
Pakistan wants arms supply to Syrian sides stopped
A woman in a pink top posing with beer.
The currency briefly weakened on Monday morning but rebounded to trade at 55.25/29, little changed from Friday.
Among those waiting a turn was Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C.
The lawyer for Hollins Jr., Thomas Royce, has said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2.
Stripping out the extraordinary items, fourth-quarter earnings were 64 cents a share compared to 25 cents a share in the prior year.
Police fire tear gas to disperse protesters in Tunis
A woman is cutting a lemon.
A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves.
Soccer-France to host Australia for first time in October
U.S. and European leaders pledged on Wednesday to work together to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons, presenting a united front after months of bitter acrimony over Iraq.
A man is doing push ups.
A boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground.
Telangana: Jagan to spend Thursday in hospital; blackout continues in Seemandhra
Assad warns Turkey of 'heavy price' for backing Syrian rebels
Stocks to watch at close on Thursday
A Phillips flat screen TV with two remote controls.
"It just seems like all the issues that we support, he doesn't," said Gabriela Lemus of LULAC.
A woman is slicing carrots.
A man is on a rooftop
A dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background.
A baby is talking.
IBM shares closed up $1.75, or 2.11 percent, at $84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Indeed, Mr. Weill, a self-described workaholic, said he planned to remain very involved in the company.
"It''s absurd," Funny Cide's trainer Barclay Tagg said.
A man is playing a basketball.
A man is laying on the ground.
A captured rebel said 2,100 combatants had been involved in the offensive.
A woman is cutting a plastic sheet.
Hundreds of Kenyan women claiming they were attacked and raped by British soldiers were granted government legal aid Wednesday to pursue their case against the Ministry of Defense.
A man is cutting pieces of butter into a mixing bowl.
Donetsk Region Protesters Detain Trucks Carrying Government Rocket Ammo
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.
Sept. 11 defendants enrage families at hearing
Senate to vote on moving ahead on Hagel nod
Judge Leroy Millette Jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when Muhammad is formally sentenced Feb. 12, but Virginia judges rarely take such action.
Son of US evangelist kills himself The son of popular US evangelist Rick Warren has killed himself.
Well, I wouldn't put it on my cv.
His lawyer, a cousin, Basil Russin, did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
A man and two women smiling at the camera while sitting on a blue sofa.
The bank's shares fell 45 cents in trading yesterday to $91.51 per share.
JAL's first order from Airbus is blow to Boeing
The nation's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25, 2005.
The ballerina is dancing.
Finance minister promises no new taxes
27 killed in attacks across Iraq
A girl stands high on an obstacle course platform.
A dog is eating some water melon.
A man is chopping coriander leaf.
A black and white dog is running through the field.
For the third time in four years wildfires closed Mesa Verde National Park, the country’s only park dedicated to ancient ruins.
A turtle is swimming in water.
A black pickup truck was also seen in the Campbells Creek area, Morris said.
Jordan biased over Palestinians from Syria
Gray cat looking out the window.
The girl danced in front of the bonfire.
A man rides a horse.
Man 'who set himself ablaze' on National Mall dies
Maldives team in India to observe an election
While the day's trading was lackluster, the Standard & Poor's 500 index was preparing to close out its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998.
At least 18 killed in Iraq mosque bombing
Official of Malaysia Airlines briefs relatives of missing flight passengers about search progress
I think 90 days is the absolute most you can plan out in a single time period.
Maddox, who had battled cancer since 1983, cracked two ribs earlier this month when he fell at an assisted living home where he was recovering from surgery.
UN: US drone strikes violate Pakistan's sovereignty
The MDC called the week-long protest to urge Mugabe either to resign or to negotiate a settlement of the crisis gripping the country.
She, in turn, occasionally told John that she was still sleeping with an ex-boyfriend, "Baywatch" hunk Michael Bergin.
The black and brown dog is playing in the yard.
Authorities appealed to the public Friday to come forward and provide what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shootings that have killed three people outside area convenience stores.
State Education Commissioner Kent King said Wednesday that the scores on the Missouri Assessment Program tests disappointed him.
At least 73 die in Egyptian soccer pitch invasion
Treasury proposal sees 1.5% increase in income tax
Mexico has ZERO claim to California.
More than 130 people have been arrested and $17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies.
There are two options for you -
Deal reached on new Italian government
Yes, I can tell you from personal experience that they certainly did whistle.
Two people ride their bikes down a dirt road.
In other words, it depends on where you go, when you do there and how.
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.
British Prime Minister condemns murder of teens
iraq has been lobbying for the security council to stop using the country's oil revenue to pay compensation to victims of the 1991 gulf war and the salaries of the united nations monitoring, verification and inspection commission inspectors and to have all money remaining in the united nation's oil-for-food accounts transferred to the government's development fund.
Israel officials: Strike on Syria targeted weapons
The man is slicing the tape from the box.
A white cat is licking and drinking milk kept on a plate.
- wolf I think stories like this are stupid.
A man jumps onto a short wall.
A cat is opening a drawer and climbing inside.
But under cross-examination by O'Donnell's attorney, Lorna Schofield, Toepfer conceded she had ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.7 per cent to 9,547.43 while the S&P 500 was 0.8 per cent weaker at 1,025.79.
It indeed appears the Andromeda galaxy (M31) and The Milky Way (MW) are en route to a collision.
A person wearing a helmet sits on a bicycle on a sunny day.
'Bookkeeper of Auschwitz' Sentenced to Four Years in Prison
Besides a sales slump, Siebel is sparring with some shareholders over management stock option windfalls.
Tail wagging, Abbey trotted on stage with Conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference at the Anaheim Convention Center.
Georgians vote for new president
The dog is barking at the toy.
at un assembly chinese government urges increased efforts toward global arms control and disarmament.
Tokyo wins race to host 2020 Olympic Games
Prosecutor Jim Hardin called the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson's family.
The beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline.
@cicerone imposter, Frank, I observe and perceive.
A woman rapidly fires a handgun.
The boy is raising his hand.
We can't do it without you."
Britain's debt timebomb: Nine million are in 'serious debt'
A girl in glasses is looking over two American flags near a wooded area.
the international atomic energy agency is based in
OS ANGELES - ''The Hulk'' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend, taking in a June opening record of $62.6 million.
Counties with population declines will be Vermillion, Posey and Madison.
A woman is rowing a boat.
Asian Muslims celebrate Eid as 52 die in Pakistan, Afghanistan
Living room or den with large screen television.
A passenger train waiting in a station.
A woman swims underwater.
The child in the red coat laid in the red mat.
And that is happening in GOP controlled states.
Florida's Speaker of the House Johnnie Byrd, is expected to introduce ''Terri's Bill'' during a one-day special session of the state legislature being held today in Tallahassee.
Israeli military focuses on northern border
A blue jay standing in a grassy field.
Assad makes Red Cross pledge
Briton jailed for 10 years for selling fake bomb detectors
The seagull is floating on the water.
China army newspaper slams US's PRISM program
With the remaining three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia accident, the rookies will have to wait even longer.
the treaty was amended in 1999 to reflect changes since the soviet breakup.
A man and a woman are walking in the woods.
Kids are dancing.
A room with several computers and pictures on the wall.
The argument was "Albert Einstein didn't go to college".
Two brown dogs are biting each other.
Labor Department analysts think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample.
A search for three missing teenagers uncovered at least two bodies buried beneath freshly poured concrete in the basement of a house, authorities said Wednesday.
Russian coal mines seek new outlets in China
A person riding a mechanical bull
Egypt opposition mulls response to Morsi dialogue call
The blue train is at the station.
You already did that - we have a Muslim in office right now.
The euro's rise against the yen and speculation of Japanese intervention helped the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on Thursday.
According to an arrest warrant, Bryant, 24, attacked a woman on June 30.
At Least 22 Dead After China Earthquake
Another rocket hits Eshkol; no injuries
Archbishop of Canterbury to step down amid rifts
Residents return to Texas blast site
Armenia's parliamentary vote a test for president
A man playing fetch with two brown dogs.
no missile evidence.
A man attacks a woman.
Some county officials pave the way for same-sex marriage
46 dead in Iraq attack blitz
A woman is playing guitar.
A woman is pulling some kind of sticky goo out of a bowl.
"Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow," added the voice, which signed off giving the date as "mid-September."
Mobster "Whitey" Bulger's girlfriend gets 8 years
A boy is playing guitar.
His position is the way it is currently.
Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat, and he immediately appealed the decision.
Hagel laments "political" changes to US defence budget
The above advice is quite good, just wanted to add on thing to consider regarding food in bear country.
A man is standing on the ground with a paintbrush
Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
A young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her.
Two black and white cows drinking out of a pond.
It upheld fallback rules that bar the same groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.
Obama, Hollande Hail Transformed US-French Relationship
Romney: I left all management of Bain in 1999
Obama encourages Boy Scouts to end ban on gays
Hewlett-Packard is putting in for a second-quarter profit of $659 million, or 29 cents a share, on revenue of $18 billion.
the iranian government stated-- the iranian nuclear program remains peaceful.
Two woman pose in a dining room with a baby.
A chef is preparing some food.
Iran rejects MKO claim on nuclear site
China's yuan rises to new high against USD Wednesday
Islamic State issues video of beheading of US hostage
She said she didn't know yet whether she would certify the budget.
Ernst & Young has denied the SEC's claims, and called its recommendations "irresponsible".
35 dead and 165 missing in India boat accident
"We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have.
US House Republicans elect Paul Ryan as speaker
The man drove his little red car around the traffic.
Questions arise over chemical weapons claims in Syria
Thus, ultimate sovereignty.
A man is riding a scooter.
It can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music in one cubic centimetre.
the matter is delicate.
Putin's security decree for Sochi draws ire of critics
in september 2007 the united states signed an accord with jordan aimed at supporting the peaceful development of jodran's new nuclear program.
A topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud.
US, Afghan govt to hold peace talks with Taliban
A man wearing US flag boxer shorts is standing on a stairway.
Sensex down 193 points on budget blues
A black dog standing in front of yellow flowers.
Brown and white cow standing in grass at side of road.
Two women holding checkered flags near an orange car.
Ukrainian weightlifter gets four-year doping ban
10 rockets in 20 minutes in Eshkol Regional Council
6.8 quake strikes off Solomon Islands
A horse rider is riding a white horse.
A backpack standing beside a train.
Waksal pleaded guilty to insider trading charges last year, and he is scheduled to be sentenced June 10.
A woman paints a picture of a large building which can be seen in the background.
Smeone is laying down.
A bald man with a beard pets the nose of a black and white horse at the fence.
A dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth.
"I think this moves us a lot closer toward saying that foam can do this kind of damage," Hubbard said.
Death toll rises to 236 after Brazzaville blasts
The woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course.
Other changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.
Breivik: Jail term 'ridiculous'
A table and chairs are in a room with a picture on the wall and a ceiling fan.
Search narrowed for missing man
According to Shia Muslims specially Iran state and Hezbollah a country called Israel does not exist.
The NIST discovered that in 1999 the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.
A chef prepared a meal.
Police then called a bomb squad, but the device exploded, killing Wells, before bomb technicians arrived.
Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but Central Command sent hundreds who ran the war back home to Tampa, Florida.
A truck is going down a hill.
Yorkshire soldier killed in Afghan bomb blast
Biden calls for trust in US-China relations
John Demjanjuk, convicted Nazi death camp guard, dies aged 91
Originally Posted by zaf I give up.
A brown dog is playing with a ball in the water.
francisco santos stated that colombian police found the evidence on two computers discovered with raul reyes.
A child and two dogs play in the water.
Rimsha Masih released on bail
A skateboarder on a city street.
A dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash.
At 5 p.m. EDT, Grace's center was near latitude 25.6 north, longitude 93.7 west or about 280 miles east-southeast of Corpus Christi.
A dog laying in the snow.
A bird is eating from a bowl.
the panamanian foreign ministry communique stated that panama and brazil signed 3 juridical-issue treaties that included an extradition
A dog is barking.
Moderate tremor in the Central Mediterranean
Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher dies at 87
China news agency: Still hope for Syria peace
A man is outside on a July day.
a man doing a trick on skateboard
An adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.
Turkey seeks to relocate some Syrian refugees
A woman is dancing.
Australia to scrap soaring national debt ceiling
Tokyo stocks close down 1.53%
A person is slicing a bread pieces.
I was invited in to pitch story ideas to Ron Moore at ST:TNG.
Iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227
What makes India vote? Jaipur Lit Fest debates
A man is climbing a wall.
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.
Air Force Instructor Faces Sentencing for Rape
Deadly Gas Cylinder Blast Hits Pakistan School Bus
The trial, featuring 125 witnesses, could continue until the start of 2004.
A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million.
Plane Crash in Ghana: How the international media reported it
A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building.
Trees are hit by very hard winds.
"My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know."
Two smiling women holding a baby.
A woman is mixing ingrediants.
A kid jumping a ledge with a bike.
Not a good idea.
Asian stocks rise after Greek vote eases fears
A man is slicing potatoes.
A few things to think about:
arms smugglers and drug cartels abet terrorists.
China yuan strengthens to 6.2689 against USD
A man plays a piano.
A skier going down the snowy hill.
"We were seconds away from having that happen," Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
18 trapped in Russian coal mine blast
The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
Hard-line Jewish leader shot in Jerusalem
Ehud Olmert sentenced to six years in Israel
Sir Richard was speaking after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
Originally Posted by muslim girl its not a complete impossibility.
Afghanistan: suicide bomber kills eight in military bus blast
God bless I'm not outraged, I'm disappointed.
Captain of sunken South Korean ferry arrested
The white dog runs across the snow.
Doesnt mean its a BAD option.
Court orders political ban on Italy‚Äôs Berlusconi
A multi-colored bird clings to a wire fence.
Dozens killed in air strike on bakery in central Syria
North Korea warns foreigners in South to evacuate
Four people row a canoe in water.
Florida The ignorance is yours!
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship is parked at the pier.
All the same methods of analysis that are used with spoken languages apply successfully to signed languages.
A woman supervisor is instructing the male workers.
A black and white photo of an old train station.
EU renews sanctions against Zimbabwe
A dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby.
A person is boiling soup.
My gosh, I'm the one with the pregnancy ticker.
Israel must release or try Palestinian on prolonged hunger strike
Egypt bracing for massive protests
Knesset speaker: Obama reelection bad for Israel
two girls walking in the street
US gov't officially designates Haqqani network as terrorists
the conventional forces in europe treaty limits the number of military aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons in europe.
Thai protesters disrupt advance voting
A ginger cat sitting on an office chair.
He said at EVERY level.
A bicyclist in black on a black and red racing bike.
tin foil hat for the sarg, what size do u wear?
20 killed, 44 injured in Philippine road accident
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.
Coty launches $10 billion bid for rival Avon
Israeli president released from hospital
Iran says it captures drone; U.S. denies losing one
In general, warming up your muscles only requires performing the movement with lower weights.
The man is playing with the shaggy little dog.
Between 1993 and 2002, 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.
My opinion is to wait for the child to ask for it.
the conventional forces in europe treaty is considered a key arms control treaty.
I remained under the banyan tree, exhausted by my daily ritual of dragooning the men every two hours.
Five dead in Indonesian eruption
A man and woman is riding in a car.
Two kids are swimming.
Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
"They have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears," Bush said.
"But that does not clear them of the responsibility to do everything possible to minimize civilian harm."
A boy is playing a wooden flute.
This answer is based on my experience teaching undergraduate math in the US.
The dog pulled the dogs tail and then his leg.
A black dog is running after a white dog in the snow.
The study results were released at a meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and also will be published in tomorrow's issue of The New England Journal of Medicine.
A child next to a bike.
Twitter reports blocking in Venezuela
A person holding a net is standing in the water.
In Millville yesterday, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-staff for the next 30 days.
Kranjcar leaves it late to rescue QPR against Moses-inspired Stoke
US closes embassy in Syria (AP)
A man playing the guitar in the rain.
I suspect the phrase originated in the habit of drawing the internet as a cloud shape on network diagrams.
NATO strongly condemns Syria's downing of Turkish jet
It is highly unlikely that we're made out of stuff from only one star.
Fla. Democrats want extended early voting hours
China's Xi tells Vietnam wants peace in South China Sea
China detains city workers after fruit seller dies
A father napping in a chair with a baby on his lap.
A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand.
Two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to ipods.
Two Eagles perched on a branch.
A white and black dog is jumping into a pool.
A bicycle in front of some ruins.
Court in Bahrain rejects medics' last rally appeal
Before the meeting, Putin said Russia regards Saudi Arabia as a key Muslim state.
"That really affects the companies, big time," said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte.
A woman is cutting some herbs.
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.
A green bus drives down a road.
Many people run in a race on a street.
North Korea Confirms Third Nuclear Test
A black and brown dog is chewing on a large stick.
A man is cutting a paper plate.
The man cut up an onion.
A man is writing in a book.
I really do not think there is much you can do about that.
A man is spreading butter on a tortilla.
Two small birds perched on a metal bar.
Nintendo trims red ink, lowers forecast for year
Typhoon Fitow makes landfall in east China
Spanish bailout dilemma gets more acute
NATO sticks to transition roadmap in Afghanistan: Rasmussen
Benedict comes home to new house and new Pope
A WAR in the middle east.
The lady cracked an egg into a bowl.
Gunshots, explosions rock Thai protest day ahead of polls
Hotly contested legislation that would change the state's takeover law and help a Michigan-based development company fend off a takeover cleared the state Senate on Thursday.
A black dog with a red collar plays in the snow.
Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant.
The black dog leaps off the dock and into the water.
A man puts seasoning in a bowl of water.
"What I am really looking for is an estimation of the Muslim population..." @ThanosK and @T.E.D., an overall, general population estimation f.e.
The woman is sitting on the red motorcycle.
I think that for an understanding Wittgenstein's "solution", you must take in account the original (historical) context.
Female in a maroon shirt engaged in conversation with another female in a tan blazer.
In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.
The scuba diver is underwater.
A man sliced a plastic bottle with a sword.
A baby rhino is walking around his pen with his mother.
Someone is pouring ingrediants into a pot.
A woman is riding her bicycle.
Two cows graze in a field.
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from its developer, Connectix, earlier this year.
South Korea confirms that North Korea has conducted controversial third nuclear test
Turkey scrambles jets near border
US says Syria may have used sarin gas in chemical weapons
Brown horse standing in middle of grassy field.
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment Thursday night, but authorities said it was from an animal.
Canada promises $5-million in typhoon relief
The two boys play in the field.
A man is walking down the street.
Russia detains suspected Islamist militants in Moscow raid
safe bourada was sentenced to 15 years in prison.
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call had expected Kodak to earn 68 cents a share for the quarter.
The WiFi potties were to be unveiled this summer, at music festivals in Britain.
IAF strike Gaza terror hubs
Los Angeles airport worker charged over 9/11 threats
13 Tips To Face Your Fear and Enjoy the Ride seems interesting.
A boy feeding a sheep hay.
A young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background.
Two dogs play with purple football.
Palestinians 'hit' by Israeli fire in Gaza
A girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench.
Rocky and Apollo Creed are running down the beach.
A man rises from a swamp.
I. ATLANTIC REQUIREMENTS .
Police attacked in Belfast flag protests
Four Palestinians killed in IAF strike
Yeager said the incident appeared to be isolated, but the suspect showed tendencies of being a prior offender.
Squyres is principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover.
Bangladesh: Fugitive Sentenced to Death by War Crimes Tribunal
A boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall.
Supreme Court to hear Michigan affirmative action case
The woman has gray hair.
Mr Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on Saturday.
A woman puts rice into a pan.
In my experience, when the final production will be in sRGB, use that color profile from start to finish.
puerto cabezas is located 557 km northeast of managua, nicaragua.
3 dead, 1 hurt in shooting at S Carolina oceanfront motel
A woman is chopping up garlic.
Tokyo stocks open up 0.52%
Local police authorities are treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out.
A person is surfing a large wave.
Holder filed a three-page letter.
Jay My ex-fiance wouldn't use the VA or Navy doctor's.
The Federal Trade Commission asked Congress yesterday for broader powers to attack the rapidly growing problem of spam, which new studies show accounts for half of all e-mail traffic.
russia's suspension of obligations under the cfe treaty is temporary.
Egypt protesters defy cabinet threat
Hollande defeats Sarkozy in French presidency vote
Man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball.
A boy is about to take a picture.
Agnew said Pinellas began baiting when rabies cases "went from zero to 30" in 1995.
One dead in new Israeli strike on Gaza
Five killed in Philippines volcano eruption
The brown dog jumps for a pink Frisbee.
A plane flying near the sunset.
Train service disrupted between Raffles Place and Marina Bay
Helicopter crashes in London
US government shutdown begins - live updates
I have many problems with these men, way to many to state here!
Two New York firefighters in guarded condition after deadly ambush
They underwent more tests over the weekend, and are now warded at Raffles Hospital.
India issues red alert for cyclone Phailin
A tan puppy being petted.
The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison.
Portugal Drownings: UK Girl And Grandad Named
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.
Suicide bomber kills 14 in Afghanistan
You don't have to do anything to season it.
Prince Charles 'compares Vladimir Putin to Adolf Hitler'
The security official's backup was on active duty, and the lottery association didn't have a replacement in New Jersey, Strutt said.
Why do people like you put scientist on a pedestal?
He claims it may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to the concept.
Zimbabwe: 'Grave Concerns' Over Election
A green bike parked outside a book store.
A man is riding an electric bicycle.
The black and white cat with yellow eyes lounges in the dirt.
I think there isn't a general answer.
Clinton a tough act for Obama to follow
A man walks down a staircase.
A woman sits alone against a brick wall
His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
@ossobuco, Could this have been an enema?
Police fire tear gas at protesters in Bangkok
'9 Dead' in New Darfur Tribal Clash
In addition to @Pearsonartphoto's answer, you can use flash (either the built-in or better yet, an extarnal) to freeze the motion.
Israel blames Iran for attacks on its diplomats
Birthday of DPRK to Be Celebrated in Peru
International weapons experts leave Syria, Obama to make statement
A black and tan dog looks at a black sheep.
The appetizer devoured, Annika Sorenstam moves on to the entree this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
A black person in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella.
PG&E Corp. shares were up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.
Yes, from today Flash memory purchased from AMD or Fujitsu will be branded Spansion.
the problem isn't who has money.
Black and white picture of a cat laying on a rug.
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.
One dead in US building collapse
Sheep are grazing in the field in front of a line of trees.
Vivendi shares closed 3.8 percent up in Paris at 15.78 euros.
On Wednesday next week, Mr Bush will meet Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and new Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Aqaba, Jordan.
The research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent.
A man on the back seat of a red tandem bicycle.
Russia condemns North Korean nuclear test
A kayaker found Dr. Scribner's body floating near the doctor's houseboat in Portage Bay, where he was eating lunch when his wife, Ethel, left for an appointment.
Australian icebreaker arrives in East Antarctica for new rescue bid
the proliferation security initiative calls for stopping and searching ships suspected of carrying weapons of mass destruction.
Egyptian police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo
The victim, who was not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital where he was pronounced dead.
I am not sure this is the right site for the question.
Missouri kicked Ricky Clemons off its team, ending his troubled career there.
Venezuela Expels 3 U.S. Diplomats
court official tran dao stated the 12 people were among 29 people convicted by the quang ninh people's court of participating in a drug ring that trafficked heroin from vietnam to china.
Does the census have an rear end in a top hat?
No plan to shut petrol pumps at night Moily
A basketball player, playing in the home coming game.
Yesterday, the Concorde seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.
German factory orders rebound in January
Two cats sit on the back of a couch looking out the window.
The bailout was bigger than TARP This title is misleading.
A woman is running on the beach.
Salvador Dali painting snatched from New York gallery
2 Palestinians killed in Israeli airstrikes
Asteroid passes Earth in fly-by
Sweat rate is sweat rate, you can't really control it.
france, belgium, germany, sweden, italy and britain provide parts and technology for the advanced light helicopter (alh).
Bradley Manning-WikiLeaks case turns to sentencing
Three men are jumping off a wall.
Work with your supervisor and your team to solve the problem.
Hospitals and the Red Cross appealed to blood donors yesterday.
Ukraine protesters rebuild barricades
They can, but the way to do it depends on what you have available.
Total revenue for the second quarter was $1.48 billion, up 7% from $1.39 billion in the same period last year.
In my experience, babies tend to wake up by themselves when they get hungry.
Syria envoy calls for political change to end conflict
Palestinian President Receives Jordanian Foreign Minister
The euro soared to $1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back to $1.1884 in late European trading, up from $1.1857 late Monday.
A man and woman with their hands on their chins are standing next to a Christmas tree.
The upcoming second-quarter earnings season will be particularly important in offering investors guidance, they say.
50th anniversary of JFK's death remembered
Small office space with bright green walls.
Some men are fighting.
A man is diving into a swimming pool.
Is there a test to own a firearm in the US?
The powerful CGT and other unions remained opposed to the plans, however, and demanded the government renegotiate the reform with them.
One football player tries to tackle a player on the opposing team.
US Senator Ted Cruz to announce presidential bid
In other markets, U.S. Treasuries inched higher as declining stocks raised the appeal of safe-haven debt.
this is NOT a war deployment.
The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.
A woman is adding an egg and stirring.
A woman slices tofu.
Israel launches new airstrike against Syria
Rudd sworn in as new Australian PM
A man is slicing a white onion with a mandolin slicer.
"We're going to do everything in our power to get money back to ratepayers as quickly as possible," Kennedy said.
A man rides a water toy in the water.
There is a young girl.
Algeria hostage crisis ends; death toll unclear
A man is spinning.
Morsi supporters march in Egypt
American investigators waiting to question arrested Boston bomber
EU Ministers of Employment and Social policy will discuss how to boost employment, integrate social and economic policies
Three Killed In Crash At Tiananmen Square
I started watching the Stargate series by watching Atlantis first!
The PCs are scattered across the United States, Canada and South Korea.
First of all, let me say that there seems to be 3 main traits to casting a spell.
A woman is chopping herbs.
Mr. Pingeon is director of litigation for Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, a prisoners' rights group.
People ride up an escalator.
Including convertible securities, the total estimated value of the deal is $124 million, according to Corel.
Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
human rights violations in myanmar include summary executions, torture and the recruitment of child soldiers.
A skateboarder in the air at a big, outdoor ramp.
Skiing is a sport where taking lessons pays off very quickly.
Female suicide bomber kills 16 at Russian station
A girl is communicating with sign language.
The new worm affects these Windows systems: 2000, XP, NT 4.0 and Server 2003.
She said she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in his car, and they chatted.
And, Obama gets zero credit for the budget under him.
The BlueCore3-Multimedia includes a 16-bit stereo audio CODEC with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
Philippe becomes king of Belgium
Sylvester Stallone's son found dead in Hollywood
A group of couples are dancing.
Egyptian military spokesman denounces incitement against army
I think it is still feasible to store seeds until the next year.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent.
An older woman is pouring oil into a skillet on the stove.
A man in a suit is standing at a microphone and singing.
Morsi to take oath as first Egypt civilian president
Martin said, "Why are you following me?"
"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment," Daschle wrote.
A woman in a green shirt and white pants golfs on the green.
a boy jumps into the blue pool water.
Carnival Corp. stock was down 2.5 percent, or 81 cents, at $31.20 on the New York Stock Exchange.
A women holds a small baby while sitting on a sofa.
The United States is one of the five largest countries in the world by area.
A red truck spins their tires while a black one leaves the frame.
In fact, it's just the Dutch.
A guy is playing an instrument.
A woman is wrapping tofu.
The supermarket chains have used managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open, often at reduced hours.
A group of men play soccer on the beach.
Sources in the racing industry said Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
U.S. officials did not say whether American forces, who were acting on intelligence, crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian guards were involved.
About 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks.
A large gray dog is playing in the deep snow.
Russian lawmakers pass new bill restricting Internet
I have the 18-55, 50/1.8 and 50/1.4 as well as the 20D - superseded by a 50D.
A woman opens a window.
The dining room table gets some afternoon sun.
You want to start in the room that is the largest to make sure you have the straightest start.
A dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow.
DR Congo rebels kill park rangers
The man swept the empty living room.
A passenger jet sits on a runway.
Originally Posted by SolInvictus The messahe of all the scriptures is oneness.
6 killed, 12 injured in blast in NW Pakista
Russia, China Veto UN Resolution on Syria
Annan, UN chief call on Security Council to act on Syria
Red double decker bus driving down street.
A deer jumps a fence.
Iran 'thwarts nuclear sabotage attempts'
Those reports were denied by the interior minister, Prince Nayef.
Morsi's supporters reject plan
A white dog running on sand.
Suicide bomber targets Nigerian church
A woman cuts off a small piece of lemon rind.
I always thought that Harry seemed to learn from the Half-Blood Prince better than he did from other sources.
A black dog is running in snow.
A woman is slicing partially into half of an onion.
A man is holding a frog.
alstom is competing against japanese company shinkansen and german company ice for the contract.
Dixon was otherwise the class of the field at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
Evolution is not an opinion, not a belief.
a dog jumps into the water.
Earlier Thursday, PeopleSoft formally rejected the unsolicited bid from Oracle.
End 'near' for Syria's chemical weapons
S Korea opposition candidate closes poll gap
Early Wednesday, the benchmark 10-year US10YT=RR had lost 16/32 in price, driving its yield up to 3.33 percent from 3.26 percent late Tuesday.
What is your definition of "soul"?
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent.
Two blasts hit Syria capital
Two people sit on a dock near the water.
Someone is cutting a circle out of a pink sheet of paper.
The Hindus would say the same thing about the Bhagavad Ghita.
a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach.
The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.
It seems to work.
the soccer player kicked the ball side to side between his legs.
State radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces.
The computers were reportedly located in the U.S., Canada and South Korea.
A woman is carrying a kangaroo.
It finished as a work of fiction.
i don't want a president who 'cares'.
Dozens injured in Connecticut train collision
A woman places a container of noodles in a pan of water.
Five things to watch in the presidential debate
A woman mixes a beauty treatment in a glass.
Two small boys in a woody area looking at a shed.
Three children wrestle on a floral carpet.
A grey cat lying on a wooden table.
A man is jumping rope outside.
A women slicing green pepper.
There are two things to consider:
Jesse Jackson Jr. and wife to plead guilty to fraud
A woman is spreading mustard on a bread roll.
A man is patting an alligator on the mouth.
The $85 million agreement was reached in September, less than two months after Archbishop Sean O'Malley took over as leader of the nation's fourth-largest diocese.
Costa Concordia captain to be tried for manslaughter
I know of no firm evidence indicating that baby talk is either helpful or detrimental in language development.
Two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around.
That would make you a sort of accessory, I think.
A man is assembling speaker parts.
EU Receives 2012 Nobel Peace Prize
A girl is running on a desert path.
the south african government imposed a ban that prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance.
A woman and man are riding in a car.
India: Tear Gas Fired At Gang Rape Protesters
A man is petting a tied up dog.
Two surfers perform tricks in the waves.
A golden dog is running through the snow.
A family is playing on the beach with their dog.
A man laying down and shooting a gun
The lady fried the breaded meat in hot oil.
A toddler walks down a hallway.
U.S., EU Boost Sanctions On Russia
A woman is playing a guitar and singing.
A brown and white dog sits on a floral-patterned chair.
France Says Won't 'Shirk Responsibilities' in Syria
What do we get in return for doing the fighting for them?
Obama mourns death of icon Nelson Mandela
Australia was flat, Singapore was down 0.3 percent by midday and South Korea added 0.2 percent.
Tokyo shares close 0.88pc lower
The two invading countries later fell out, and have since backed rival factions.
"I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill," Frist, R-Tenn., said Thursday.
A lion is playing with two men.
Best’s great day brings West Indies cheer
Five convicted in Kosovo organ trafficking case
Mandela's condition has 'improved'
Norway marks anniversary of massacre
The lady cut up a green onion.
Violent clashes mark anniversary of Egypt uprising
Air strike kills one man in Syria's Hama
turkmenistan borders afghanistan.
How about some testimonies from real health experts?
Three goats are chased by a dog.
43 killed in bus crash
Two dogs are sniffing something in the rocks.
China manufacturing expands in September
Currently I've got a fairly close to purely digital GTD setup, although this could do with some refinements and tweaks.
The answer to this and all such similar questions is in two stages:
A living room with a blue sofa, camp bed, wooden bench and dresser.
LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said that meant the cable could be used "as we see fit.
US: Russia Massing Troops on Ukraine Border
Black and white cows behind a fence.
U.S. and Turkey weigh no-fly zones for Syria
Rebel fighters 'capture' Syrian soldiers
Malaysia elections: Malaysians vote with power at stake for first time
I wouldn't put this job on my resume.
Tokyo to host 2020 Games
Turkish PM tells supporters to prepare for rallies
Russian aircraft wreckage found after a year
Analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.
Britons released after kidnapping in Egypt's Sinai -sources
New Syria opposition chief wants no-strings aid
police stated that-- chung has been on the run.
The proportion of Americans with insurance from employers declined to 61.3 percent, from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000.
It was before the season began because Amy saw the woman before the Silence took her.
I'm afraid there's not really a lot you can do.
Guatemala arrests software guru John McAfee
A woman is slicing onions with a large knife.
A woman is playing in the ocean.
A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags.
Here is the 2006 cover release, choice B in your question is the 2006 version.
After that, college President Paul Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
Two men are dancing.
A table is set with wine and dishes for two people.
The dollar was last at $1.1149 to the euro, close to its strongest level since April 30.
You have to decide what you want to get out of this.
Singapore stocks close 0.31 pct lower
Chinese search plane finds 'suspicious objects'
Juror: Sandusky appeared to accept his fate
A man is performing stunts.
A woman is chopping garlic with a knife.
A monkey is wading across a marsh.
The ADRs fell 10 cents to $28.95 at 10:06 a.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading today.
Someone is cracking an egg open.
Militants stage Pakistan jailbreak
Russian stocks fell after the arrest last Saturday of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of Yukos Oil, on charges of fraud and tax evasion.
And several Senate Republicans are cranky about the House map.
Ukrainian officials barred from Canada as protests continue
Australians flee homes amid floods
Two girls walking in the ocean.
I don't think it makes much difference.
Deadly clashes as Egypt marks anniversary
You have too much regulation, not too little.
The cats are running through the grass.
"Fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.
executive director of the arms control association in washington daryl kimball stated the israeli document could affect the debate over india.
Pussy Riot member Alyokhina released from jail in Russia
Two U.S. soldiers killed in "insider" attack in Afghanistan
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 31/32, taking its yield to 4.16 percent -- another record low -- from 4.22 percent.
A young blonde girl in riding gear sits on top of a gray and white horse.
Two little girls are talking on the phone.
Fiscal cliff: House delays vote on fiscal cliff deal - live
A person is peeling an eggplant.
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month _ sliding down to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid continuing mixed signals about the nation's economic health.
The person is slicing cheese.
A woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk.
the nuclear nonproliferation treaty is 37 years old.
A man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake.
A women sitting at a table drinking with a basketball picture in the background.
He was taken to a hospital for precautionary X-rays on his neck.
How does world's cheapest car do in crash test?
Blue bird standing on green grass.
A blue motorcycle is parked on the sidewalk.
The least that can be said is that we must be born with the ability and 'knowledge' to learn.
Therefore, the explanation of the existence of the universe is God.
It wouldn't stop joke marriages.
A man is slicing a pepper.
Two green birds flying above the telephone wires.
The woman is poking holes in the potato.
Hurricane Sandy gains speed, batters US east coast
Palestinian leadership condemn Israeli FM call to oust Abbas
A man stands next to a yellow Corvette.
@Frank Apisa, Frank, I observe and perceive.
Veterans health probe confirms cover-up of care delays
Dhawan smashes India to big win over South Africa
Nokia apologises for 'faked' ad
This Lady might be ready for Rock Climbing, or just watching the Clouds, above.
A young woman is putting stickers all over her face.
Two dogs running in a field.
A camouflaged plane sitting on the green grass.
This idea has been around since the beginning of myth and storytelling.
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones.
A man is talking with a woman.
A small boy playing in the snow.
Complicating the situation is the presence of battle-hardened Liberians who have been fighting on both sides.
A person is scuba diving in very clear blue water.
Pakistan court demands 'blasphemy' rampage answers
No Sign of Russian Withdrawal From Ukraine Border, Official Says
Mixed reactions to NZ same-sex marriage
Spike trigger is a specific type or you could say a sub-set of reverse correlations, covariance and probabilities.
A woman is cutting an onion.
Your brain is already beginning to wind down as you see the end in sight.
"Now, the other guy, he's ashamed of his party," Street said to crowd laughter.
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday.
China's Wen promises job creation
Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence.
Some people have complete confidence in the people running these institutions.
It will take time to oust die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday.
Arab League Backs Palestinian Stance in Peace Talks
A woman is breaking a head of garlic into cloves.
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.
Iran says nuclear talks to resume next month
The Question is (from Hinduism); do you exist because of pregnancy?
Hernandez double gives Mexico victory
It is up to you whether you want to do that.
four people are on a boat on green water.
The men are jogging on the beach.
Francis begins papacy with prayer
Senate confirms Yellen as Fed head
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.
Who was 'Jihadi John?'
US Military Aircraft Hit in S. Sudan, 4 Wounded
Turkish police mass near Istanbul park protest area
He also could be barred permanently from the securities industry.
a little girl in a flowered bathingsuit runs through the sand at the beach
Shares Move Higher on Wall Street
North Korea test fires 30 missiles into the sea
US says ready to help blind Chinese activist
A woman is taking a shower.
A bird is bathing in a sink.
A man dressed in black wearing a hat and glasses in front of a red wall.
Shares of Allergan fell 14 cents to close at $78.12 on the New York Stock Exchange (news - web sites).
Details of Aung San Suu Kyi's visit to Ireland
The woman is dicing garlic.
Yes, you should mention your experience.
A woman pets a dog in a fenced area.
Yellow scooter parked in an alley way.
Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly) is desperate that her family not find out that her life has fallen apart.
the number of executions increased dramatically in 2007 amid a campaign which iranian authorities state is aimed at improving security in society.
Iraqi Car Bomb Near Church Kills At Least 14
"Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.
Saudis to permit women to compete in Olympics
helmand province is the world's largest opium-producing region.
Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.
Syrian forces shoot civilians on bus
A person stands on the motorcycle seat and pops a wheelie.
A man is shooting a pistol.
That was the biggest drop since August 1993 and stemmed from falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boys' clothes and cigarettes.
A black dog is staring at a sheep.
Taliban launch coordinated Afghan attacks
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> shed 2.38 points, or 0.24 percent, at 995.10.
Iran nuclear talks extended to November 24
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.
The Hare Psychopathy Checklist is often used to assess psychopathy in clinical settings.
A snowboarder flies through the air.
The report by the independent expert committee aims to dissipate any suspicion about the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS crisis.
A boy with dark hair is in water and is looking up.
runs victim down Got any proof?
Horse standing in a field.
At least 11 killed in India building collapse
A group of kids are having a jumping contest.
We tried putting a male betta in a community tank once.
A person cuts a big green pepper apart.
A young girl riding a white and grey horse.
A woman is slicing a lemon.
October heating oil ended down 0.41 cent to 70.74 cents a gallon.
Syrian opposition reports 'massacre'
Suicide Bombs Hit Egypt Military in Sinai, Kill 6
Protests sweep Brazil despite concession
A woman is doing weight exercises.
New York Stock Exchange to reopen Wednesday
105 inmates are serving sentences for drug trafficking.
If you wear a bear bell on your backpack, your fellow hikers will kill you for being annoying.
Uganda's president signs anti-gay bill
Hushen 300 Index closes lower -- March 12
Gillette shares rose $1.45, or 4.5 percent, to $33.95 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.
Turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were Turks.
That depends on which country you are in.
A girl is singing and playing a guitar.
If you don't mind hosting your files online, SlideShare is a good solution.
The large beige dog is running through the grass.
Originally posted by Vitchilo March  is also the date for the uprising in CHINA.
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 after gaining 30.46 yesterday.
A man is running.
A person is scaling a rock wall.
Maduro wins Venezuelan presidential vote
A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail.
Arrested Russian killer denies ties to Pussy Riot
its not an official deployment.
US Attorney General Holder resigns
Merkel: Russian actions could lead to a catastrophe
The Senate judiciary committee on Tuesday overcame a significant hurdle in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure but the most difficult obstacles remain.
A little girl is playing the piano.
Powerful new earthquake hits shattered Pakistan region
Syrians trade blame over blasts
David Beckham Announces Retirement From Soccer
Two people are riding a bike.
Romney concedes election to Obama in phone call
Chechen officials working for the Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels and tension is running high ahead of next Sunday's presidential election in war-torn Chechnya.
A person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain.
So in his State of the Union address in January, Bush declared that the British government "has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."
Shooting, protests mar Thai voting
I think you mean to ask, "What is the local sidereal time of Greenwhich?".
you don't use the search button much, do you?
Israelis attack 2 Palestinians in Jerusalem area
MessageLabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, said it had filtered out 27,000 infected e-mails in 115 countries as of Thursday morning.
According to law enforcement officials, the person arrested was a known sophisticated hacker.
Colgate shares were down 30 cents at $56 in morning trade on the New York Stock Exchange.
Daily Press Briefing: South Sudan
The dispute has led Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma to cut short a state visit to Latin America.
Two women sitting in lawn chairs.
A dog and sheep run together.
Plane Crash Site Search Called off for the Night
British Warship Sets Sail for Falklands
6 killed in U.S. drone strike in NW Pakistan
I have had the same problem.
Three children in a ball pit.
Although I believe Searle is mistaken, I don't think you have found the problem.
A man is hugging someone.
It is always difficult when parents refuse to see what seems obvious to a teacher.
A woman is adding pasta to a pot of water.
A woman is dicing a potato.
They later fell out and have backed a series of rival Congolese militias in recent years.
A man is talking.
A dog is trying to get through his dog door.
helmand province is the world's largest producer of opium.
At Least 66 Killed in Bomb Blasts in Iraq
2 police killed in eastern Afghan explosion
Gu Kailai murder trial ends in China
I don't like flavored beers.
Three women are dancing.
Ehud Olmert, former Israeli prime minister, sentenced to six years in jail for corruption
She was a nice lady.
Attack on Nato base in Afghanistan kills 15
We have quite a few people here who have grown peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 8.27 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,633.53.
The Senate might support capping noneconomic damages beyond the $250,000 Gov. Jeb Bush proposes, said Senate President Jim King.
The government does not determine if you are married or not.
John the Baptist was a Nazarite from birth.
Both of these styles of bowling are performed by bowlers who are medium pace or fast bowlers.
Over 120 dead in Pakistan factory blaze
G7 'to intensify Russia sanctions'
I was in a similar situation.
A small red and gray bird perched amongst the bare branches of a tree.
She also pledged to bring peace to Iraq: "Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through."
The dog is playing with the floor cleaner.
A boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night.
On Saturday, Roddick equalled the world record with a 149 m.p.h. serve in beating Andre Agassi.
A girl is styling her hair.
US confirms al-Qaeda leader has been captured
The woman is playing the violin.
The objects you are refering to are actually two different objects: asteroids and comets.
Common side effects include nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough, the FDA said.
Crowds, Dignitaries Gather for Mandela Memorial Service
A man is rapidly chopping some mushrooms using a knife.
A woman is frying ground meat.
Forex &amp; Gold 25 August 2012
"I notice a mood change in their priorities," said one Iraqi politician after meeting with Mr. Bremer.
There's a geek answer to this, and a practical answer to this.
I think you've pretty much done your review.
Chinese stocks open lower Friday
Car bombing kills 14 in northern Iraq
I have found there is no single best way to increase size.
The chef poured oil in the pan.
A close up of a cat with its eyes closed.
A man is putting foods in a box.
What is your paper for?
6.9-magnitude quake strikes off Russia's Kuril Islands
A woman is riding a water scooter.
Two green and white trains on tracks.
As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region.
As part of his deal, Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation.
dutch national research institute tno carried out chemical weapons experiments for the dutch defense ministry during the 1950s.
A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo.
The other answers here are fantastic at explaining in a technical sense.
According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures.
N. Korea Deports Elderly American
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open to further bids and hoped to see bidders interested in individual assets team up.
Two men talking in front of a small plane.
A man is playing a piano.
Two large dogs running in some grass.
The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies trying to apply them.
Police stop Maldives presidential election
A couple of policewomen are singing karaoke.
Several hikers rest with their gear in front of a mountain.
A pitched tent with a horse in the background.
Other than that you don't have a tax issue.
4 killed in shrine bombing in northwest Pakistan
Tunisia opposition leader slain; protests erupt
A man and a woman looking at the camera.
Man in yellow canoe paddling through water.
Two women and a baby pose in front of a dining room.
Two women are lost and calling for help.
Japan, US hold talks linked to regional trade pact
You need to pick how and where you want to place your foot and do it.
This is a rear view of a Chevrolet sports car.
Three storey building collapses in Ebute Meta
Two Australians killed in Kenya after bus crashed into river
A pot of food is placed in the center of a red tablecloth.
A gray cat with green eyes looks at the camera.
100 pro-Palestinians seek to enter Israel at Allenby
Hollywood actor Robert De Niro has been diagnosed with prostate cancer, his spokesman said today.
Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call.
A man and a woman watch two dogs.
DRINKING green tea can dramatically reduce the risk of men contracting prostate cancer, a study by Australian researchers has discovered.
Gunmen kill four in Kenya church attack
A man plays the guitar and sings.
Acting New Haven Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said police were treating the explosion as a criminal matter.
Congratulations on being named Time magazine's Person of the Year.
The men are playing basketball.
Top Asian News at 2:30 p.m. GMT
It got up on his personal radar screen this past week, I've given him my pitch and he was quite supportive," he said.
Sheryl Crow says has benign brain tumor
Nato airstrike kills two Afghan kids
Floods kill two, forces 75,000 from Calgary homes
Palestinian prisoner dies of cancer, unrest in Israel jails
N.C. State Fair ride operator arrested after accident
Ictu, Ibec in move on airline strike
North Korea to put US citizen on trial
They said they had concluded that the film failed "to present a balanced portrayal" of the Reagans.
A man is smearing butter on a slice of garlic bread.
A man riding a horse in slow motion.
Kerry's plan for restarting talks calls for release of 103 Palestinian inmates
Mitt Romney wins Republican primary in Indiana
A woman is chopping garlic.
A woman is chopping a peeled potato into slices.
A man is cleaning a cd.
A new Cold War?
US State Department faulted over Benghazi
A woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog.
A woman is playing violin.
wen states that the main purpose of the germany visit is to advance trade, economic and technological exchanges.
"He hasn't got much choice," said the Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain.
You are not disclosing key info.
A woman is wake boarding on a lake.
1 person killed in sectarian clashes in Lebanon
Syrian civil war in photos
2 killed, 6 wounded in clashes in northern Lebanon
A runner is resting in the shade with a bottle of soda.
US military aircraft shot at during evacuation mission in South Sudan
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.
A man with a beard is sitting in the grass.
a man walks along walkway to the store
Newcastle 2-0 Liverpool: Match report, pictures & video highlights
Miami Heat clinches NBA Championship
At Least 47 Killed In Baquba Blasts
A tan girl in a floral bikini is swimming in dark blue waters.
A man is looking out of a window.
Rio de Janeiro airport workers strike on eve of World Cup
Mt Gox reveals 200,000 'forgotten' bitcoin haul
Obama is right: Africa deserves better leadership
Was Ted Bundy a partial psychopath?
President Mills must quit - Lecturer
3 Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai car bombing
A dog running along the beach.
Swiss tourist gang raped in India, say police
How wind farm developers 'use camera tricks to make turbines look smaller than they really are'
myanmar was formerly known as burma.
Oil prices down in Asian trade
Janet Yellen: Five things you might not know
They also found shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss.
Gov. Linda Lingle and members of her staff were at the Navy base and watched the launch.
Hushen 300 Index closes higher -- Oct. 14
Pakistan executions draw international ire
He added that genes on the Y might play a role in influencing gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.
A man is dieing in an operating room.
The dogs play in the snow.
A dog walks on the beach.
Iran: Moderate candidate wins presidential vote
FORMULA 1: Rosberg stays modest despite Monaco win
As mentioned by other responders, it turns out that using a standing desk isn't necessarily a perfect solution.
Eclipse Below are list of eclipse shortcuts which I use almost everyday.
Two Kenyan ministers among 6 killed in plane crash
You're on the right path.
There is no test that can tell you if it is sealed or not.
A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support.
Three dogs race in the snow together.
However, the Saudi interior minister, Prince Nayef, denied the reports.
"Short workers had worse hearing than expected by age -- three times more often than taller workers," writes Barrenas.
A deer jumps over a cyclone fence.
Samudra not present in Bangkok, the indictment said, but attended a series of meetings before the attacks, recruiting fellow bombers and coordinating the operation.
A black and white cow looking through the fence.
No Americans were reported among the casualties, according to Capt. Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment.
7 killed by Shiite al-Houthi fighters in northern Yemen
don't want a president that is compassionate.
He was also expected to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region.
The euro soared to US$1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back slightly to US$1.1895 as trading opened in Europe.
A boy falls off his bike.
MEN who drink tea, particularly green tea, can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer, a landmark WA study has found.
Two men are with a young child.
The academy will get its own internal report next week and it will be made public, Rosa said.
Obama's day: Prime time on Syria
People are responsible for their actions.
The man is stirring the rice.
The New Zealand Commerce Commission had given Westpac no indication whether it would have approved its deal.
Mali hunts jihadist nightclub killers
I'm English, and would probably use 'toilet' most of the time, and always in the context of a private home.
The young woman is flirting with the young boy.
Algeria hostage crisis ends in bloodbath
Pak religious body endorses underage marriage
In the seconds after the crash, she added, Captain Smith said simply, "Oh my God."
Two women are sitting in a cafe.
Two dogs running through tall grass.
"Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant," they announced at a press conference yesterday.
Karzai to visit Pakistan for Taliban peace talks
US Senate Confirms Janet Yellen as New Central Bank Chief
A cat reclines on an office chair.
In Texas, public watchdog groups opposed Mr. Bush's efforts to house his papers at his father's presidential library, where they would have remained secret for a half-century.
The male eagle was found by a zookeeper early Thursday, suffering from severe puncture wounds in his abdomen.
A person is stirring rice.
Negotiators said Friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on creating a Central American Free Trade Agreement.
tskhinvali is the capital of georgia.
A man is breaking an egg.
Obama to meet Ukrainian prime minister at White House
A man is turning over tables in anger.
Scottish police say at least one dead after helicopter crashes into pub
Labour's 50p tax rate: what you need to know
A biker is doing stunts.
Pakistans Imran blames rival for killing party member
Pope Francis condemns global indifference to suffering
Those are partial psychopaths.
Protests planned across Brazil despite concessions
A race car driver performs in the race of his life.
The difference is the amount of protein contained in the flour which can range from 5% to 15%.
Woman remanded over child's death A woman has been remanded in custody charged with murder after an eight-year-old girl was found dead in a block of flats.
People are near water
Racers are running down a track.
Zambia arrests ex-leader Banda over oil deal
Explosion in Kabul a suicide attack in diplomatic area
You don't have to know.
Putin sworn in as Russia's president for 6 years
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.
Dozens dead in Central African Republic fighting
Extremists claim responsibility for Niger attacks
A chef is slicing carrot.
An oriental lady is cutting a carrot into thin pieces.
News is my Business
Qaida leader calls for kidnap of Westerners in Egypt
Many people are in the bicycle racing, including one man in a three-wheeled bike.
A woman is carrying a boy.
if india blames foreign militants it is part of its propaganda to mislead the international community.
A herd of elephants are walking along a trail.
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," according to extracts released yesterday.
Originally Posted by jacko!
Thousands protest gay marriage in France
Two women posing with a baby.
Mr Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was "in the hands of the negotiators".
Egypt braces for more violence as Muslim Brotherhood calls 'march of anger'
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday.
A woman is slicing an onion.
Two UK Soldiers Killed In Afghanistan
A goose flapping its wings in a body of water.
Tokyo shares open higher tracing U.S. gains
Three children and playing and laughing on the floor.
A woman runs on the beach.
A small white cat with glowing eyes standing underneath a chair.
There's also FreakyAlarm for iOS, which makes you solve simple logic/math problems before the alarm will turn off.
A group of teenagers in red shirts are smiling.
Glad to hear you've started playing hockey, its a great sport!
Kaichen appeared Wednesday in federal court on two bank robbery charges.
It's a common sense/deductive reasoning thing.
A white cat standing on a carpet.
Mayawati demands Presidents rule in Jammu and Kashmir
A man and woman are talking.
"We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States," Moqtada al-Sadr said.
the report said there are 27 weak states that pose a threat to britain's national security as the states could provide bases for terrorists.
Micron's numbers also marked the first quarterly profit in three years for the DRAM manufacturer.
Reuters witnesses said many houses had been flattened and the city squares were packed with crying children and the homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.
Egypt freezes Muslim Brotherhood funds
A man performs on a stage.
The birds are swimming in the water.
Someone is cleaning a animal.
Putin speaks on Ukraine, protesters rebuild barricades
Unless it's different in different countries?
The point is an unarmed child was murdered.
A dog digging in the sand.
A woman and dog are walking together.
In general they are not considered dangerous because they rarely attack humans.
Instead of trying to force specific answers or method's on them.
The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days.
The man is sitting cross legged wearing a cloak and holding a stick.
Foreign exchange rates in India
China yuan weakens to 6.1510 against USD
A man is playing the flute.
russia said the system is a clear threat to russian security.
Bomb attacks kill 20 in Baghdad's Christian areas
Lawtey is not the first faith-based program in Florida's prison system.
Puerto Rican arrested for production of child pornography
Pope Francis Slips Out of Vatican for Prayers
Southwest grounds flights due to computer glitch
A boy is filling a pitcher with water.
Blue and red plane in mid-air flight.
Thai opposition party to boycott general election
Three teenage girls danced in the room.
A man is swinging nunchucks.
I hope everything is ok!
West hails Syria opposition vote to join peace talks
A man guts a fish.
Ross Garber, Rowland's legal counsel, said the governor would have no comment on the condo deal.
Syria 'to declare chemical weapons and sign convention'
A person is adding chili powder to chili with beans.
US delays missile test as tensions rise
Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate.
The room used for defecation is almost always referred to by euphemism.
The man is singing and playing the guitar.
In the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, federal and local governments remained shut down, as did schools and many businesses.
New York police officer critically wounded in hatchet attack
A busy beach has people scattered on it watching the sky.
A brown dog is walking on the grass.
this is particularly true in the poorest countries.
North Korea Nuclear Test Sparks Worry
Russia, China veto UN Security Council resolution on Syria
Former Zambian president arrested
soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow is obsolete and inefficient.
US Senate has Rare Sunday Session Days Amid Fiscal Impasse
Amazon's Bezos buys Washington Post for $250-M
A treadmill won't prepare you for the impact of running for real.
Cleveland Kidnapper Ariel Castro Found Hanged in Prison Cell
A brown dog runs towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountains in the background.
Son of Chinese army singers gets 10 years' jail for gang rape
A man gets knocked off of a horse.
A train sitting on the tracks in a train yard.
Just so long as the tax on that sale is paid.
A few miles west are the pyramids of Teotihuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
U.S. drone strike kills 10 in northwest Pakistan
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32, or about 1.1 percent, to 9011.53.
An old Red London double decker bus with its hood raised.
"I am being forced into exile by the world's superpower," Taylor said in an address videotaped at his home.
Australian speaker steps aside
A man and a woman are riding on a bicycle.
80 percent of the opposition democratic party supports economic sanctions.
Sony to sell PC unit and cut jobs
A man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background
Most doctors do recommend rice cereal as the first food, as there is almost no worry of allergic reaction.
Jordan Green, the prelate's private lawyer, said he had no comment.
SFG meeting reviews situation in Mali
A woman doesn't have her arms up because she's paralyzed from the neck down
Asian markets hit 3-wk high on hopes of US debt deal
Her 20-year-old sister, Allyson, was severely burned and remained hospitalized in critical condition.
A woman is peeling an onion.
Annan to visit Syrian refugees in Turkey before Iran
Tokyo stocks close 0.75pc down
Jury nullification has NOTHING to do with the Constitutionality of laws.
A car is driven down the road.
Indian policeman injured in gang-rape protest dies
GE posts 9% profit drop for third quarter
The new deal would be valued at $1.75 billion, including $863 million in cash and 52.6 million PeopleSoft shares.
Fight for Mali Town Reflects Islamist Tactics
Two dogs playing in a yard.
Young faces a fine, suspension or being permanently barred from the securities industry.
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups, such as race, pushed the state onto the needs-improvement list under the federal No Child Left Behind Act.
A man sliced through a bunch of water bottles with a knife.
We never got out of it in the first place!
Burma activists say go slow on easing sanctions
Microsoft says to cut up to 18,000 jobs
Michael Schiavo has argued that his wife never wanted to be kept alive artificially.
Two little girls are playing on a trampoline.
But price declines have remained below 30 percent, year over year, for the last two quarters, said IDC analyst John McArthur.
Hamas hangs three Gaza prisoners
A boy with a broken arm is sleeping.
At least one of the three women is talking to the others.
Still, Singapore quarantined 70 people who had been in close contact with the scientist.
"Cyclopes don't exist" - fine.
A little boy clowns with a colander on his head.
Malaysia sets date for landmark elections
A group of people are camping out on some rocks.
Though the judge can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole, experts say Virginia judges rarely take that opportunity.
A large airplane parked at the airport at night.
To start, the main drivers of economic growth are resources, technology, and institutions.
a statement issued by the official spa news agency stated that-- al-dosari was convicted of drug trafficking.
Hawaii bracing as first hurricane in 22 years approaches
A black and white dog is running on the beach.
US allies get help to repel Iranian computer attacks
Turkish PM urges to end protests in Istanbul
12 killed, 25 injured in bomb blast in NW Pakistan
Southwest flights delayed, canceled after computer glitch
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police official J.D. Tambe told Reuters.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 1.16 points to 1,504.04.
A man with his dog on the beach.
A brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard.
EU Ministers of Employment and Social policy to discuss employment boosting strategies
A hare is running from a eagle.
Still, Mr. Weill will remain very much a power at the company.
News summary for March 11
A panda dog is running on the road.
A man talks on his cell phone.
A baby panda relaxes on some logs.
And that's why you're yelling at me and refusing to answer my questions?
china's council of agriculture opens a special office in charge of agricultural technology transfers and intellectual property rights management and consultancy to enhance development of china's knowledge-based agriculture and applications of agricultural technology.
Russians rally support for Orthodox church over Pussy Riot controversy
Osama Bin Laden Wives to Be Jailed
LIBERTARIAN/ANARCHO-CAPITALISM: You have two cows.
Two Asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs.
A woman is cooking something.
Two skiing people are doing cross country skiing.
A man climbs up a rope.
"Elves don't exist" - fine.
Two men standing in grass staring at a car.
'Credibility on the line over Syria'
Palm said on Wednesday it plans to buy Handspring, a company created by renegade Palm co-founder Jeff Hawkins.
There are 103 Democrats in the Assembly and 47 Republicans.
Two grey dogs are carrying a stick in the water.
A group of people sitting around a desk.
Senegalese president to visit China
Five cows grazing in a snow covered field.
A man is swinging on a rope.
A woman, a little boy, and a tiny baby are standing in front of a cow statue.
I have no idea why it is voted up, but Rex Kerr's answer begs the question.
A cat is rubbing against baby's face.
An arrest warrant claimed Bryant assaulted the woman June 30 at a hotel.
a boat floats in the water.
Large-format cameras are very much worth buying used; they're often extremely well-cared-for, if not coddled.
A lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera.
A dog is trying to get bacon off his back.
The manufacturer has to convince the government it's safe.
At least Mexico had a presence in California.
[Ticker] Fitch upgrades Greek credit rating
Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes.
Federal DOMA does not test the full faith and credit clause so much as the 9th and 10th Amendments to the Constitution.
the drug is also known as ice or shabu.
People skiing cross country.
the resolution includes a broadened list of individuals and entities subject to an assets freeze.
A woman is abusing her child.
George W Bush weighs into immigration debate
The skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park.
Bush plans to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the new Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, in the Jordanian port of Aqaba on Wednesday.
the cyber attack occurred after the french president sarkozy's meeting with the dalai lama angered the chinese government.
Licensing revenue slid 21 percent, however, to $107.6 million.
Two zebras are playing in a field.
A girl is putting on makeup.
three little boys cover themselves with bubbles.
Police fire teargas on Venezuelan vote protesters
6 Killed by Hot Lava as Indonesia Volcano Erupts
Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo.
But he said EVERY level.
The new bill would have Medicare cover 95 percent of drug costs over $5,100.
Nigel Farage calls on Government to let Syrian refugees into UK
State: No funds for yeshiva that incites violence
He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years.
Romney wins Florida Republican primary
Clinton to testify this month on Benghazi attack
Israel sanctions Palestinians in new blow to peace talks
Roadside bomb kills 3 policemen in Afghanistan
He allowed two runs in seven innings and struck out six.
Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified.
An aeromexico silver plane is on a runway.
Now you don't have to be perfect on every answer.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 8.52 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,670.21.
A group wading across a witch
A girl makes up her bed.
China Scrambles to Reassure Jittery Stock Traders
A girl sitting in a living chair.
The person is making a blanket.
The dogs play in the snow on hind legs.
Hurricane Sandy moves towards US
A woman is swimming in the beach.
One man is breaking cement on another man's chest.
A large pile of scrap wood.
A young boy jumping into a pool that says "no diving".
A black and white chair sitting in front of a brick wall and a window with a bamboo plant in a vase.
Woman in a black dress walking on the street.
Three men sit on a bench.
A woman is using a hoe.
At least 47 Iranian exiles killed at Iraq's Camp Ashraf
The Democrat's 2000 platform didn't explicitly support gay marriages but backed "the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families into the life of the nation."
In addition, the NTSB also recommended to NHTSA that state legislation be enacted to prohibit holders of learners permits and intermediate licenses from using mobile phones while driving.
US military presence in East Asia
A woman is putting her baby in a waste bin.
The two men are wearing pants.
Burundi police fire tear gas at protesters
Israel press bemoans price of talks resumption
Gunmen kill 10 in Philippine political violence
Yes, I've assumed that all packaging would be recyclable in my argument.
The government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighbouring Malaysia after a spate of attacks on Mindanao, including three deadly bombings, that it blamed on the MILF.
a snowboarder jumps into the air.
Someone is slicing tortila's.
Stansted: Ryanair reports 13% rise in annual profits but warns of slower growth this year
10 Things to Know for Thursday
David Beckham to retire at end of season
Iran nuclear talks start in Geneva
Purge of Kim uncle sends chilling message to North Korea’s elite
A man is dancing in the rain.
Mom busted in and said, "What's that noise?"
The federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional ban against state-established religion.
A plane is taking off.
US, UK in pact to release emergency oil stocks
NATO strike 'kills civilians' in Afghanistan
a group representing mainly white south africans called afriforum stated it would organize protests along the route to zimbabwe.
Do you notice the nonsensical things you are saying?
A small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass.
A woman is boiling shrimp.
Bradley Manning acquitted of aiding the enemy
A helicopter lands.
Three killed, 21 injured in two road mishaps
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday.
A passenger jet flies through the air.
Vehicles driving infant of an ornate building.
Living room with tan furniture and flat screen television.
A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets.
British Airways' New York-to-London runs will end in October.
Amnesty: Syria rebels also committing abuses
India's top court orders investigation into job scam, deaths
State Dept security chief resigns after Benghazi
A man is standing next to a yellow sports car.
Insurance is key to fostering economic growth
A helicopter flies over water.
'Whitey' Bulger given two consecutive life terms
Profiles of Egypt's main presidential candidates
Jaya Prada all set to join BJP
Gunmen Attack Hotel In Remote Pakistani Province
I have  years of "Neener Neener" rights Hi Wiggies!
A tortoise is walking.
Domestic cat looking out window.
Volume came to 439.66 million shares, below 450.39 million at the same point Wednesday.
people walk home
Shortness was found twice as often in those with hearing loss.
A woman is filing her nails.
The update packages help "automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches using one tool," which is unpleasantly vague.
Crews worked to install a new culvert and prepare the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel as storm clouds threatened to dump more rain.
A person is slicing carrots in half.
Syria talks for Cameron and Putin
Four of the defendants have pleaded guilty to weapons charges and other counts.
A man is playing an electronic keyboard.
This does not fully answer your question, but it is certainly one consideration.
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez dies of cancer at 58
A woman is slicing butter.
Statement by the Spokesperson of High Representative Catherine Ashton on the latest spate of attacks in Iraq
Fighting has continued sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides.
Moscow protesters demand Vladimir Putin's resignation
Egypt: Muslim Brotherhood Stands Behind Morsi
A woman is eating meat.
To reduce the amount of fur a cat malts over your furniture and clothes you could try a deshedder brush.
2 Turkish unions call for strike on Monday in protest over police violence
I'm going to go out on a limb here...
A cat is playing a piano.
Michael Bloomberg, NYC Mayor: "I'm gonna try march with a number of different groups.
The union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted.
A young girl is singing on a stage.
Two dogs are wrestling in the grass.
Palestinians, Jordan coordinate stances on peace talks
Young has 28 days to file a response and ask the NASD for a hearing.
A man and woman is dancing.
A close up of the front end of a purple and white motor cycle.
Police used pepper spray and rubber bullets to disperse a downtown march and rally last night by activists protesting an annual police intelligence-training seminar.
Peru protesters clash with police
Brief clashes with police in Belfast
A man is playing a keyboard.
Through Sunday, Sept. 21, Site Finder has been visited over 65 million times by Internet users.
6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan
The brown and white dogs run through the field.
Kittens are eating food.
The man is shaking hands with other men.
No blocks to investment
Murphy said Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, was in the courtroom at the time, but Strier was not.
iranian officials have increased executions in 2007 as officials enforce a campaign purportedly aimed at promoting virtue and boosting security in society.
Britain shuts down plants as horse meat scandal reaches France
Two boys, one wearing a hat, in a playground.
Syria journalists rescue bid fails
German ambassador's Athens residence shot at
A man is doing yoga.
A man is playing a flute.
i be having conversations will cornell west My dear brother.
A black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow.
Palestinians: We Don't Want Kerry Mission to Fail
A woman is swimming.
A man is at a farmers market.
According to current models of human concept learning, the answer to your question is both.
A brown horse is standing on grass and scrub.
Israel 'bombs' Syria as envoy presses peace talks bid
It depends on the dish and how amenable it is at the stage you make the mistake.
UN report says both sides in Syria abuse rights
Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti Resigns
At first blush, then, the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place.
Top Chinese political advisor meets Greek PM
Two people are together and one is using a piece of clothing in a different way than intended.
Some children are jumping on Trampoline.
A dog swims in the water.
For the current academic year, tuition at public colleges averaged $4,694, up almost $600 from the year before.
Syria gunmen kill three Syrian officers: NGO
A kitten is playing with a ball.
Arab League welcomes US-Russian deal on Syria
BBC faces questions for pulling Savile case
A man folds a tortilla.
kadhafi warns that us and britain's failure to compensate libya for nuclear disarmament will deter iran and north korea from disarming.
Trains inside an indoor station.
Websites fight nasty comments by taking away anonymity
Elecia Battle, of Cleveland, told police she dropped her purse as she left the Quick Shop Food Mart last week after buying the ticket.
Indonesian president to visit Australia
Guinea votes in long-delayed legislative poll
A man is making a bed.
tin foil hat for the dog face, what size do u wear?
A little boy is playing a keyboard.
UN War Crimes Court Convicts Six Bosnians Croats
China disagrees with U.S. sanctions program on overseas cyber attackers
Google names new Motorola Mobility CEO
Bulgaria President Backs Protesters, Opposes Snap Elections
Two smiling young women giving the thumbs up sign.
Man sitting on a bench drink from a mug surrounded by rugs.
Someone slices a bottle with a sword.
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up.
Police confirm how suspect was captured
Two women walk down the sidewalk in the afternoon.
"I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel," said Silver.
Five men jump into a swimming pool.
Three boys in karate costumes are fighting.
'No plans' to resettle Syrian refugees in the UK
Previously, it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents a share, for that period.
The Treasury said wants to give retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability eventually to manage holdings online in a single account.
The man danced in the diner.
HSE boss defends medical-card plan
Iran ups oil swap with eastern neighbors
The baby crawled through the doorway.
A buddha statue sits on a table with a wooden table runner.
Two men catching a fish in a swamp.
Flood alerts in France as river levels rise
Former plant chief who battled Fukushima disaster dies of cancer
A group of cows in a field with yellow tags in their ears.
These men "are entitled to respect for their private lives," Kennedy said.
Two dogs are playing on the beach together.
The Nasdaq is down roughly 0.4 percent for the month, on track to snap a 7-month streak of gains.
indian troops already fighting rebels are now also engaged in a massive operation to destroy poppy crops in kashmir.
zahedan is the capital of sistan-baluchestan province.
Although I am quite fluent in Russian, I wouldn't say English sound particularly 'cold' to me.
This is a difficult one.
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.
Someone drills a hole in a strip of wood with a power drill.
Spanish PM refuses to resign over corruption scandal
6.6-magnitude earthquake strikes off Indonesia
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case.
Ruffner, 45, doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said.
A method used to calculate the distance between stars is 3 Dimensional trigonometry.
Black and white photo of a girl on a sofa.
Hassan Rouhani wins Iran's presidential election
Moore did not have an immediate response Tuesday.
Three children playing with hay outdoors, throwing some at camera lens.
Residents near Gaza instructed to stay near shelter
The other victim recovered Tuesday morning was Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas.
A boy takes off his sunglasses.
A person is watching people ski down the hill.
A man in a brown coat rubs his nose.
India Ink: Image of the Day: March 4
Suicide bomber kills 4 near NATO's Afghan HQ
A woman is riding a horse.
Two people are playing golf on a golf course.
They said the child was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation.
Two girls are sitting on an ATV on the sand in front of a bridge.
Someone is beating an egg.
Patton also appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and appointed Seth Conner to the Agriculture Development Board, the commission says.
A pitcher on a mound throws a baseball.
Hot-Air Balloon Catches Fire in Virginia
Margaret Thatcher dies at 87
Palestinians build another West Bank tent protest
China's new PM rejects US hacking claims
5.0-magnitude quake jolts Japan
A man is slicing a vegetable.
Asian stocks hit three-week highs on hopes of U.S. debt deal
Malawi Officially Confirms President's Death
As per FIFA's "Equipment Regulations", Section 22, only the goalkeeper is permitted to wear a cap.
Government Shutdown Begins Over Health Care Feud
Missing cruise passenger is a NSW ambo
Two sheep on to of a cliff looking at the camera.
The young boy jumps barefoot outside in the front yard.
A man slices potatoes.
Car Bombs Kill 58 in Iraqi Capital
A dog is rolling from side to side.
Egyptian boat crash death toll rises as more bodies found in Nile
Two women standing in front of tour bus.
The Hispanic population increased by 9.8per cent from the April 2000 census figures, despite less favourable social and economic conditions than in the 1990s.
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer perhaps will be the trickiest of all hires.
Police disperse east China chemical plant protesters
Japan thanks Taiwan for quake aid
A band is playing instruments.
China launches first moon rover mission
Two poodles are running through the snow.
Revenue rose 3.9 percent, to $1.63 billion from $1.57 billion.
He has a very good reputation," RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said of Grant.
"We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision," Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said.
Security tightens for Thatcher funeral
A woman is cutting flowers.
South Africa police shot dead 30 miners
council tax Hasn't council tax been frozen for most people?
"Pressing the number one does English."
A group of people are wearing police uniforms conducting an arrest.
Just so long as the tax is paid.
Russia warns Ukraine against EU deal
Weak earnings drag US stocks lower in early trade
You don't need any visa.
Suicide bomber kills 23 at Afghan wedding
The man is going into the water.
A man and woman posing on a field with a bottle of wine.
Someone is cutting paper.
A young boy jumping in the air at the beach.
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.
Facebook mobile gains drive revenue growth: reaction
The boy is stuck in the door of the doghouse.
Piers Morgan questioned by police
A man is running on a field.
US Pledge to Rebuild Haiti Not Being Met
Freezing motion generally requires one, maybe two things: fast shutter speed, and flash at the right time.
There are three options:
zahedan is a city in southeastern
I have the same thing.
If you have access to it, you can very easily do that with Thomson Reuters’ Web of Science portal.
If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts.
Egypt's presidential election begins
The back of a sign with stickers on.
A black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow.
US drone in Pakistan kills 10 suspected militants
20 killed in bomb attack at Pakistani base
Chicago teen arrested in Chicago car bomb plot
Seven 20- and 21-year-old cadets were ticketed by police for drinking alcohol in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two young women, aged 16 and 18.
Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood leader Badie
New Jersey School Bans Hugging
They passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.
restraining extremist groups is becoming increasingly difficult because of how the groups are financed.
Top AIDS Researcher Killed in Malaysia Plane Crash
A woman stands with her arms out at her sides while another takes a picture.
"Close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism," Mr Howard said.
it did not say if the men had been hanged in prison.
Annika Sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.
One World Trade Center Named Tallest US Building
U.S. and Russia reach a deal on Syria's chemical weapons
Deputy Speaker Nigel Evans Re-Arrested
A cat sleeps on purple sheet.
Maldives holds fresh presidential election
Saying "thanks, I don't have any questions at the moment."
Heather, 35, who lost a leg in a road accident, is thought to have steel plates fitted in her hips, which would make natural childbirth impossible.
Kittens are eating food on trays.
The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls.
The woman in overalls paints a picture for her wall.
A women slicing lemons.
NATO Soldier Killed in Afghan Blast
Voters in Myanmar hopeful as Suu Kyi's party claims win
Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television.
Winter Storm Ion: State-By-State...
A man playing the guitar.
Ricky Clemons' brief, troubled Missouri basketball career is over.
The woman is shooting a machine gun.
The white airplane is flying in the sky.
Napolitano elected for second term as Italy president
The carriage is drawn by a horse.
Why did Aristotle place the earth at the centre of an infinite universe?
A group of children are singing and playing instruments
"Gorgons don't exist" - fine.
A man looks out the window.
Syria's besieged Baba Amr is deserted, Red Cross says
Vehicles ablaze in collapsed Japan tunnel
Sheryl Crow Has a Benign Brain Tumor
'Israeli' arrested in Yemen Mossad spy
Sandy strengthens as nears coast; Wall Street shut
Linda Saunders pleaded guilty in federal court to six charges, including extortion, money laundering and conspiracy.
A baby eats his food.
A motorcycles is parked near a wall covered with a graffiti scene of a cityscape.
Floods leave six dead in Philippines
A man, woman and dog walk down a paved road.
A man is showing a t shirt.
China stocks close higher on Wednesday
a breakdown of order in china will lead to significant global turmoil.
Malaysia detains Australian senator at airport
This is the rule if the runs scored by two teams in Super Over is equal...
Airlines cancel 'flytilla' activists' tickets to TA
The euro has slipped nearly four percent since matching a record peak of around $1.1935 only last week and hitting an all-time high of 140.90 yen in late May.
The red train and the yellow train on on the tracks.
A person is playing a piano keyboard.
Trees are bending in storm.
Gaza rockets lands in Ashkelon Coast area; none hurt
Oscar Pistorius sent for mental evaluation: what will it mean?
"What has happened to you, sir, by way of punishment, is certainly more than enough," Covello said.
A panda bear is eating.
Mali's Tuareg rebels declare independence
Should arrival at this point be the focus for examination of any system?
Shares jumped almost 7 percent in pre-open trading, rising to $18.26 from $17.05 at Tuesday's close.
You are a girl douche.
spokesman for the swiss justice ministry folco galli stated that the extradition conditions stipulate that mejri can only be prosecuted on a single charge of falsifying documents for which italian authorities could provide sufficient evidence to prosecute.
Joachim Gauck elected as German president
WikiLeaks begins publishing two million Syria emails
Radio prankster in tears over nurse’s death
A couple posing on a red and yellow motorcycle.
Iran Nuclear Talks in Geneva Spur High Hopes
Retail pricing for SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses is $1,219.
Wrestling to feature in 2020 Tokyo Olympics
Girl stands in subway waiting on something.
U.S. expels Venezuelan diplomats
Grey and white cat sitting in bathroom sink.
Hilsenrath and Klarman each were indicted on three counts of securities fraud.
"We've become like total strangers," Klein quotes him as saying.
A little boy jumping from one chair to another.
The man is standing on the sidewalk in front of the horse.
A person cuts an onion.
Five more human cases of West Nile virus, were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday.
"The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security," they said.
He had been in protective custody since being transferred to Souza-Baranowski in April, officials said.
EU extends sanctions against Russia
Two men are playing ping pong.
Official says Kenyan forces caused mall collapse
CIA chief in Israel to discuss situation in Syria
India: Maoist rebels in talks on freeing Italians
Nadal tumbles into French Open final
A greek-speaking slave (δούλος, doulos) I think would call his master κύριος (translit: kurios; lord, master, sir; vocative form: κύριε).
The report was found last week tucked inside a training manual that belonged to Hicks.
Bird perched on a flowerpot beside a stucco wall.
Sorry, I don't know the answer to your question.
They had a treaty beginning in 1941, after a few skirmishes along the area in question.
A man sitting on the floor in a room is strumming a guitar.
I'd suggest you find a bank in your local country, and consider opening a Euro denominated bank account with them.
A man sits by a dock looking at the water.
Neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said.
A pale dog runs down a path.
David @OmSigDAVID, I think Santorum's more likely than Gingrich.
A chimp is kicking a target.
North Korea says to restart nuclear reactor
The train is riding on the tracks in the snow.
Boy lies on stomach in grass.
Aspen Technology's shares dropped 74 cents, or 23 percent, to close at $2.48 on the Nasdaq.
myanmar's military rulers incinerated the drugs to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking.
Ergo it offends me when Thatcherites call themselves libertarian.
Stuart Hall Admits Sex Assaults On Children
China gives US regulators access to audit records
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.
Two men in a running contest.
A few miles further east is Tehuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
A man mixes vegetables in a pot.
UN urges Syria gas attack inspection
A man going over a jump on his bike with a river in the background
Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations.
"It was a little bit embarrassing the way we played in the first two games," Thomas said.
Two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake.
China yuan strengthens to 6.1070 against USD Friday
Suicide attack kills eight in Baghdad
A black and white photo of a man standing next to a bus.
As per the rules, MoM award is decide by the commentry pannel.
A sheep in the morning mist with trees in the background.
A man is putting papers on a dish.
nicaragua has not reconciled how to approach the anniversary of the sandinista revolution.
A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk.
Russians in Damascus!
PACIFIC REQUIREMENTS .
Two people sitting at a table at a restaurant.
6.2 magnitude quake jolts Sarangani
"I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply," said Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase.
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near McGrath to establish a moose nursery of sorts.
Micron has declared its first quarterly profit for three years.
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 99 others during 1,729 patrols and 25 raids conducted over 24 hours.
A woman breaks an egg into a pan.
A man is carrying someone on his shoulder.
F1 protests in Bahrain
Can he really make mone from google ad sense.
Gemstar's shares gathered up 2.6 percent, adding 14 cents to $5.49 at the close.
Ukrainian presidency says deal reached at crisis talks
Permalink to Two killed in Germany train accident
Hurricane Isaac Moves Inland After Landfall
Holy poo poo, this show.
Rupee down 8 paise vs dollar in early trade
Nixon, Ford and Carter shut down the oilfields?
The entire thing just makes no sense.
Two killed, seventeen injured in Raiwind road accident
I think it is depends on the program.
A girl in a red shirt is riding a brown horse.
7 detained for 'house sister' scandal
The findings are published in the November 6 edition of the journal Nature.
Seamus Heaney, Irish Poet of Soil and Strife, Dies at 74
the african union has proposed a peacekeeping mission to help somalia's struggling transitional government stabilize somalia.
Motorists killed after Japanese tunnel collapses
Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent.
Domestic sales at both GM and No. 2 Ford Motor Co. declined more than predicted as a late summer sales frenzy prompted a larger-than-expected industry backlash.
"This is an easy case in my view and wholly without merit, both factually and legally."
On Monday, as first reported by CNET News.com, the RIAA withdrew a DMCA notice to Penn State University's astronomy and astrophysics department.
A woman is slicing up some green leaves.
A panda is climbing.
The device plays Internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of RealNetworks' Rhapsody music service.
US jobless rate seen rising, offering Obama no relief
A man is cooking a tortilla in a skillet.
They just don't want you to know it.
Spaniard on trial for Cuban dissident’s death
Army jets kill 38 militants in NW Pakistan air raids
A mallard and a tame white duck on the grass near water.
&gt;Cuba's Castro assumes CELAC presidency
Iraq violence kills 11
The unemployment rate is predicted to have ticked up a percentage point to 6.1%.
Russia 'alone' in blaming Syrian rebels for chemical attack: US
A man takes a piece of pepperoni pizza out of a pizza box and puts it on the lid after he closes the box.
After posting $3 million bail, Jackson flew to Las Vegas, where he had been working on a video.
hill is the head american negotiator on north korea's nuclear weapons program.
A woman is riding on an elephant.
A man is lifting a little girl above his head.
A man is cutting an onion.
A person is riding a horse.
DC votes to decriminalize pot
Taiwan coast guard launches new ships as South China Sea tensions rise
durban port authorities and police explosives inspectors could not be reached for comment.
Women drivers to face insurance premium rise
There are no post-emergents that specifically kill crabgrass without killing lawn grass.
The point is to get the air out that the infant sucks into the stomach while feeding.
The woman is smoking.
A brown and white dog is catching a tennis ball while standing on its hind legs.
"Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud," prosecutor Samuel Buell told the Associated Press.
Car bomb kills four in Hezbollah Beirut bastion: minister
Jeremy Hunt distances himself from adviser who 'overstepped the mark'
About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot June 25.
Man who battled Fukushima disaster dies of cancer
It was developed with consultation from more than 300 leaders in academia, industry, government and the public.
a boy in a blue T shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park.
Depends on how you define "extreme".
Egypt courts hear cases against Mubarak, Islamists
The man hit the other man with a stick.
Forex & Gold 12 March 2013
Ferrer beats Nishikori to advance to Australian Open quarterfinals
Wal-Mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they'll need to have radio-frequency ID systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by Jan. 25, 2005.
US soldier kills up to 16 Afghan civilians in shooting spree
A large black bird is sitting in the water.
Hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman's risk of breast cancer, a British study of more than a million women has found.
Israelis, Palestinians resume talks in US
A girl and a lady both looking through a microscope.
A couple is playing the game of Life.
I agree with the commentators that your question is a little confusing.
A baby is playing a guitar.
He also said Shockey is "living the dream life of a New York athlete.
Pakistan's PM orders YouTube halt over anti-Islam film
An elderly woman catches a ride on the back of the bicycle.
Hasn't council tax been frozen for most people?
Highlights of the Vice Presidential debate
Egypt's Mubarak in critical condition
A man cuts a potato.
A woman is putting on sun glasses.
US presidents pay tribute to Mandela
in a statement the british ministry of defense stated-- the agreement aims to establish wider cooperation covering national security and the fight against global terrorism.
Syrian Opposition Urges EU to Send Arms to Rebels
Luxembourg PM quits amid spying scandal
For the trillionth time, I've never said rehabilitation doesn't work.
Asiana jet crash lands at San Francisco airport
A girl dances in the rain.
In September, Hewlett-Packard signed a development and marketing deal with the company.
Turkish president calls for calm amid nationwide protests
That poll had 712 likely voters and sampling error of plus or minus 3.7 percentage points.
Members of Kathleen Peterson's family were not present.
What is a girl douche?
It seemed like an isolated incident," said Ariel Dean of Washington D.C., who earned a degree in political science.
A boy plays baseball.
4.1 magnitude quake strikes U.S
Black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with Democratic National Committee Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs of 10 minority staffers at party headquarters.
Woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk.
saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy that has taken steps towards reform.
Two white horses staring over a fence.
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8.
At least 20 killed in Syria Saturday
Plastic toys are floating in water.
Work into it slowly.
A man is staring at a horse with a white mane.
15 killed and scores injured in suicide bombing at Russian train station
A person uses a blowtorch on two cameras.
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member, welcomed his release.
A dog runs in the snow.
You're asking me to prove a negative?
A large bird standing on a table picks up a plastic glass containing liquid and places it in a bowl of something.
A black dog is chasing after a red Frisbee.
Two men are sitting in the room.
Coagulated egg proteins in combination with gluten give baked goods the supporting structure they need.
'It's either too late or too early to intervene in Syria'
Shevaun Pennington disappeared on Saturday morning after arranging to meet 31-year-old Toby Studabaker.
Syrian forces storm central town
Car bomb kills 40 in northwest Pakistan
A man and a woman watch a movie together.
A black poodle is running in the snow.
Agents found more than 1,000 credit cards and credit card duplicating machines during a search of Ragin's address.
Yes, you can do it.
This is a very unusual request.
Bombing Outside Restaurant in Pakistan Wounds 15
Who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers?
A brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
Three freed in centre abuse probe
Settlers Beat up Palestinian in Jerusalem
The broader market also retreated, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
Operating revenues rose to $1.45 billion from $1.38 billion last year.
A car is moving through a road.
Three men are playing guitars.
He will replace Ron Dittemore, who announced his resignation April 23.
A young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon.
He was arrested Tuesday night at a northwest Atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt.
China yuan strengthens to 6.1696 against USD Thursday
A woman is opening a soda and drinking it.
"She was crying and she was really scared," said Yasin.
Im very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
The man talked to a girl over the internet camera.
Shares of Coke closed New York Stock Exchange trading Thursday at $44.01.
A woman is slicing meat with a knife.
A girl is riding a horse.
Man riding a surfboard on a wave.
William Hague: US decision to halt missile test 'sensible'
There are both physiological and neurological reasons to build in rest.
It called on the Commerce Department to respond within 60 days.
A woman is applying cosmetics to her eyelid.
A man is shaking a container over a kitchen sink.
A woman is making a bed.
A grey cat laying on a dining table.
Four kids are jumping on a trampoline.
Someone is slicing two uncooked racks of ribs apart.
Health officials confirmed today that a northeast Kansas woman has the state's first case of monkeypox and the first case west of the Mississippi River.
A person is slicing a potato.
A man is sweeping the floor of a house using a long broom.
the united states said it would stand up to nuclear blackmail and has ruled out negotiations.
Tropical Storm Isaac drenches Haiti, swipes Cuba
Singapore shares open higher on Thursday
Hrithik Roshan, Sussanne to divorce
variants of the advanced light helicopter (alh) contain rocket launchers from belgium; rockets, guns and engines from france; brake systems from italy; fuel tanks and gearboxes from britain; self-protection equipment from a swedish company and have received crucial design development and engine control manufacturing from german companies.
Nigeria opens probe into deadly air crash
Romney announces Paul Ryan as running mate
Pregnant Sudan woman who married a Christian man sentenced to death for 'apostasy'
Pranab stresses need to strive for peace by nations
A bird flies above the water.
Yes it is common!
A man and a woman resting after exercise.
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state has long had its eye on this piece of property and is eager to complete the deal to obtain it.
Twin bombings in Pakistan kill at least 40
iran insists that the program is aimed solely at peaceful pursuits such as the generation of
It's just worn out and not safe.
But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open for further bids in the next day or two.
A Guinea pig eats a carrot.
A black and white scene of a well furnished room with a view outlooking a forest.
A person is pouring olive oil into a pot on the stove.
A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches.
A panda is lying down.
A motorcross driver going by during a race
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore.
Many children are playing and swimming in the water.
Also, who's to say there aren't testimonies from "real" health experts on there?
Osama Bin Laden movie to be filmed in India
The dollar rose 0.15 percent against the Japanese currency to 115.97 yen.
Somalia lawmakers to vote for new president
in july 2006 jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit stated that-- raghdad hussein and family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii.
Santorum Romping To Minnesota Victory
"My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen," Ezzell said.
blix was visiting new zealand and said that it is essential that greater efforts be made to eliminate nuclear arms and weapons of mass destruction.
New rules for US Secret Service
A man shoots a man.
Yemen Suicide Blast, Drone Attack Kill At Least 30
Arrested Briton 'not significant' to Kenya attack probe
A baby plays with a dog and ball.
"If that ain't a Democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting," he said.
Obus also denied a defense motion to postpone the Sept. 29 trial date.
I don't believe there was any iceberg at all anywhere near the Titanic.
Actor Gazzara dead at 81
I'd start by reading David Allen's book: Getting Things Done.
Fletcher said he expects to have the support of lawmakers from agricultural states, many of whom are on the committee.
A woman jumps and poses for the camera.
Protesters clash with riot police in Kiev
South Africa train crash kills at least 19
A man climbing a cliff face.
A pale dog is running along a dirt path.
"It is about a third of what I owe in the world," he told reporters.
A woman feeds an animal by hand.
the tan dog is playing with the red dog out in the snow
A dog jumps off the stairs.
I would say you are approaching it in the wrong way.
Cavender did say: "I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job."
A person is performing tricks on a motorcycle.
Teenager tests negative for Ebola
A woman is peeling a prawn.
china has been praised by the international community for efforts to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue.
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.
Missouri Education Commissioner Kent King said he was disappointed by the scores.
China-EU 2020 Strategic Agenda for Cooperation released at 16th China-EU Summit
A girl is talking to her dad on a cellphone.
Sony Xperia Z2 and Nokia‚Äôs X series unveiled
So far, authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan.
united states officials do not know how far north korea's nuclear weapons program has progressed.
Queen pays tribute to Nelson Mandela
A woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table.
A train traveling down the tracks.
South Africa starts investigating mine violence
We intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately.
A kid sitting on a soccer ball at the park.
Two dogs in the snow
Two couple are talking with each other.
A man and woman are looking at artwork that is on easels and clipped to a fencing wall.
McGill also detailed the hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
A man is talking on a phone.
A woman is eating a cupcake.
Group of elderly people sitting around a table.
He planned to stay all day until the river crested, which was forecast for late last night.
Sliding down the ice, Moriarty and Carella hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
NEGATIVE RECONNAISSANCE REQUIREMENTS.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.
"We don't know everything [but] what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying seriously," he said.
A woman is exercising with a barbell.
The black bird is sitting on the ground.
A black and white photo of a dilapidated wooden fence.
A girl playing on a parachute.
south africa's foreign ministry stated that south africa's foreign military assistance act prohibits the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance.
Chicago man to be sentenced for terror convictions
a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign
A brown dog is running though a river.
There's not a lot you can do about that.
Former company chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.
The dog is running after another dog.
A dog is eating water melon.
Gains in financial stocks push up European equities
Supposedly Danios need to school which mean you need at least 5-8 Danios in your tank.
khoramabad is a city in western iran.
South Africa's Nelson Mandela Hospitalized
A monkey brushes a dog.
A black and white dog sniffing at a closed door.
Dozens arrested in Russian TV tower protest
A man is playing the piano.
David Cameron puts Sri Lanka on notice over war crime allegations
A cat is pooping into a toilet.
Pro-life people do not want a woman to be able to choose abortion for herself.
A group of people are sitting at a beach watching the Blue Angels.
I don't have direct experience with bettas, but I've never heard that pairs will work long-term in any male/female combination.
Two people padding in a yellow canoe down a river with trees in the background.
Landon Memory from CATS We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Her lawyer Donald Levine told The Telegraph she had been offered $US250,000 to tell her story exclusively to Australian TV.
Fast Picture Viewer has an extensive pack for the low price of $9.99 and it appears to cover them all.
Vivendi shares were 0.3 percent up at 15.62 euros in Paris at 0841 GMT.
Child sliding in the snow.
Ashya King's parents freed from jail in Spain
On Friday, the Concorde started up around sunrise and seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.
Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel.
the united states and other nato members have refused ratify the amended treaty until russia completely withdraws from moldova and georgia.
A person is stirring vegetables in a pot.
Boston bombing suspect buried
France's Strauss-Kahn charged with involvement in prostitution vice ring
h and i both read the books and thought the movie moved so quickly.
David Miliband: my brother and a return to old Labour
There was girl stranded on the roof.
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial (JP:8316: news, chart, profile) was down 2.5 percent at 198,000 yen.
Two men are fighting in a cattle pen.
A dog running through snow.
a small dog steps onto a log.
A man plays an acoustic guitar.
The product can be instructed to permit business-only use, according to Sendmail.
South Africa's former PM Nelson Mandela back in hospital
A woman holds a kangaroo.
A man is swinging on a rope over water.
Israeli delegation marches in 2012 Olympics opener
The man is jumping into the water.
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 to end at its highest level for 12 months.
The American conservatives are clearly in the minority within the Episcopal Church.
'Arrest warrant' for Maldives ex-president
The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 Wednesday.
A black dog digs in the snow.
I don't know if I should say this, but if your job is making you anxious.
illegal arms trafficking increases in kenya due to easy availability and neighboring conflicts.
A key figure in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's bribery scheme was accused Wednesday of changing his story about Silvester's alleged corrupt dealings with a Boston investment firm.
A man is putting anti-freeze into a car.
Two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores.
Gotta love the EK factoid that "Iran is also a signed of the NPT and the IAEA.
A person wipes butter on a tray.
The industry's largest association is urging its members not call the more than 50 million home and cellular numbers on the list.
Syrian forces shell towns, clash with rebels
The Conference Board reported its U.S. Consumer Confidence Index slipped to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May.
A person is riding a jetski in the waves.
Geraldine Andrews, Reynolds' daughter-in-law and a friend of Wilson's family, said Robinson had recently taken Wilson out of a mental health facility.
Two dogs stand in a puddle, and one has a yellow tennis ball.
Afghan suicide car bomb kills at least seven: officials
Explosion hits oil pipeline in Syria's Homs
A man sings with a guitar.
The man is very skilled.
Brown cow with horns standing in a field.
Two foxes are eating from a plate on a brick patio.
It was announced that Green will replace Park in the Dale Earnhardt Inc. No. 1 Chevrolet, beginning with the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway next week.
the international atomic energy agency insists that the iranian government's simple denials of the intelligence presented to the international atomic energy agency board are not good enough to allay western countries suspicions.
It added it had "co-operated fully" with police since November.
When an ally declines
Intel's McAfee Buys Cloud-Based, Networked Firewall Specialist Stonesoft For $389M In Cash
Iraqi Bomb Attacks Kill At Least 13
Greece suspends state broadcaster
Chinese activist renews call to fight injustice
Three young children play in the hay, throwing some at the camera.
China treasury bond futures open higher Tuesday
A man is crawling.
Police disperse protest in east Sudan - witnesses
Wawrinka reaches first grand slam final
A person is throwing a cat on to the ceiling.
The woman picked up the kangaroo.
At Tuesday's arraignment hearing, Marsh pleaded not guilty to 122 counts of burial service fraud and 47 counts of making false statements.
Alright, there are several different issues here that we must be sure to address.
South Korea declares end to MERS outbreak
"The clear message is it should not be used to prevent cardiovascular disease," Manson said.
The Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain, was forthright.
Are you driving a fucking Volt?
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.
Primary Care Trusts and Mental Health Trusts have also been formally rated for the first time this year.
NA President‚Äôs message on the World Press Freedom Day
Romney has narrow Maine caucus win
The flaw involves the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) protocol, which deals with inter-computer communications.
A man is sprinkling shredded cheese on a pizza.
A group of peoples posing in fur hats.
The panda bear lay on the logs.
Car bomb rocks Hezbollah stronghold in Lebanon
India's first post office savings bank ATM inaugurated in Chennai
By 2040, retirees will account for a third of the population, up from a fifth today.
US Senate votes to advance Iran nuclear review bill
The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.
Three Tibetans self-immolate in western China: report
A woman is flipping pancakes.
Brown dog running on grass.
Michelle Obama to appear on 'Parks and Recreation'
About 38,000 OGE Energy Corp. customers are without power, the company said on its Web site.
Mother held over daughter's death A mother has been remanded in custody charged with murder after her eight-year-old daughter was found dead in a block of flats.
Schroeder cancelled his Italian holiday after Stefani refused to apologise for the slurs, which came after Berlusconi compared a German politician to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
Mr McDonnell wants to establish if the Italian business followed Grant Thornton's audit procedures.
The companies said Idec holders would own about 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company.
tibet suspects chinese government of launching the attack.
It's the National Audubon Society's annual Christmas Bird Count, now in its 104th season.
Venezuela's Chavez in Cuba for 3rd anti-cancer treatment
A young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench.
'Iran won't accept pre-conditions to nuclear talks'
Yet you didn't have to declare it.
Penn State football players react to sanctions
The Korean Air deal is expected to be finalized "in the next several weeks," Boeing spokesman Bob Saling said.
Two people sailing a small white sail boat.
"We have found the smoking gun," said Hubbard, director of NASA's Ames Research Center in California.
"In  it was a mental illness, now what are they teaching you?"
For the full 12-month period, high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent.
Gun battles in Central African capital create fresh panic
China's yuan weakens against USD for third day
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.
Four versions of Windows operating systems are targeted: Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
Syria condemns Israeli air strikes.
Rick Santorum notches a victory in Kansas caucuses
Someone is shredding cabbage leaves with a knife.
"The economy, nonetheless, has yet to exhibit sustainable growth.
a man on a dirt bike jumping very high.
A person in a red cap standing next to a brick support beam.
Morales, who pleaded guilty in July, expressed "sincere regret and remorse" for his crimes.
Singapore stocks close 0.5 pct higher
San Fermin bull-running festival starts
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 44 points, or 0.46 percent, to 9,568.
a computer on the floor.
France loses influence in Europe
From the start, however, the United States' declared goal was not just to topple Saddam but to stabilize Iraq and install a friendly government.
Activist says Syrian citizen cameraman killed in Homs
The man tased the food.
A dog is on the beach near a ball.
A woman is shredding chicken.
Mr Hughes had seen Amrozi's face on television, the infamous images of the grinning mechanic from east Java.
detainees to be accused of homicide, criminal collaboration, kidnapping and the funding of terrorism and include members of the military and police.
the united states and some european nations believe that iran's nuclear projects are for the purpose of making nuclear weapons.
Graham, who co-chaired the inquiry, is a presidential candidate.
Iraqi Attacks Kill General, Four Police
Syrian govt wont stop attacks
"Would you like to pay for others health care?"
Two white dogs walking in the snow.
The man is aiming a gun.
Three clowns in bright, multi-colored costumes.
Someone drew on Washington's face on the dollar.
It depends on the sauce and the result you want.
"I'm very proud of the citizens of this state," said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.
BioReliance's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.
Jerry Sandusky found guilty in child sex abuse trial
A woman opens a closet.
Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.
A bird flies across the water.
A man on a bike nest to a river.
Previously, it had reported a small profit of $12 million, or break-even on a per-share basis, for the period.
mexico wishes to avoid more violence.
Google invests 200 million USD in Texas wind farm project
What if they messed up a study?
The teen rode his bike around the people walking in the courtyard.
British Nobel-Winning Author Doris Lessing Dies
Some 95 million Americans -- half of all households -- invest in mutual funds.
Kenyan forces caused mall collapse
US scientists praise Iran nuclear deal
But church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many Episcopalians.
a young girl wearing purple running through water
A cat is licking from a saucer of milk.
A woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand.
Stocks edge lower after earnings from retailers
At least 11 more cases in Indiana and three in Illinois are suspected.
Speaking from my own experience, I would rather carry different ND filters that combine two polarisers.
Defiant Mugabe sworn in for seventh term blasts 'vile' West
A cat opens a drawer and climbs inside.
Heatley led Atlanta in scoring last season with a team-record 41 goals and 48 assists.
On the surface, it does seem like social anxiety disorder and extroversion shouldn't both exist in the same person.
South Korea reports seven new MERS cases
World's oldest person dies in Japan at 116
My wife and I originally had the same problem with our newborn twins fussing when bath time was over.
The monkeys could track their progress by watching a schematic representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
Dirt can mean pretty much anything, from good to poor quality soil.
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.
A woman cuts a pineapple.
Egyptian election result delayed
Four people are rowing a boat near the shore.
Running downhill is the BEST way to strengthen your quad muscles.
Anthony Weiner slips to fourth place in new poll
A woman is getting her dog to jump in the air.
A car is pulling off the side of the road onto the street.
China and Taiwan hold historic talks
Cory Monteith found dead: Canadian ‚ÄėGlee‚Äô star was 31
A tiger is walking around.
The woman reported that she felt threatened and obtained a warrant for Stackhouse's arrest from the local magistrate's office.
A day of rage in Bahrain
Ukraine hosts ‚Äėunity talks‚Äô
Lots of people play in the water at the beach.
'Iron Man' jetpacks spark concerns in Hawaii
'Trayvon could have been me'
Washington: Court Upholds Voting Rights Act in Alabama Case
Pakistan's Musharraf arrives at court for first time
Said Mr. Burke: "It was a textbook landing considering the circumstances."
North Korea Offers Talks: Complex May Re-Open
Israel finds bodies of three missing teens in West Bank
Chante Jawaon Mallard, 27, is charged with murder and tampering with evidence.
The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session, and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc , also flat.
Singapore shares open lower on Friday
LOL, you are so ignorant.
Dolce and Gabbana Fined in Italian Tax Case
Two people sit facing each other at a table as one points at the other.
How could be you so sure that the fish died a natural death.
Ban Warns Syria Strikes Could Worsen Sectarian Violence
A man pops wheelies on a motorcycle.
Israeli official confirms second air strike at Syria
A man at a farmers market.
A person is buttering a tray.
Costa will play Juan Carlos Ferrero next in a rematch of last year's final.
that is not an answer.
A band is playing on stage.
There are only three options:
About 100 firefighters are in the bosque today, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
A man is singing while walking down the sidewalk.
A black vehicle parked with a vies of low-lying mountains.
So if that's what you need, you really do have to be explicit about it.
A cat plays with a small bottle.
government-affiliated hackers in china are at the forefront of a burgeoning cyber cold war.
Egypt sentences Al Jazeera journalists to jail
A spotted dog stands on his hind legs to catch a ball on the beach.
I am not sure this question would have made much sense to the Romans themselves.
A man and a woman are hugging and kissing each other.
Among the workers, the researchers found short workers had worse hearing than expected for their age.
A boy is playing piano and singing.
this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation rather than on the possession of nuclear arms.
A man is riding a bicycle around a parking lot.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.
A dog is chasing a ball.
syrian and russian officials signed an agreement of cooperation in combating drug trafficking.
U.S., Friends of Syria recognise opposition as sole representative
Just for reference, I ended up writing simple web-based lexical decision task software myself.
Boy and white dog running in grassy field
Man sets himself on fire on the National Mall
Two shirtless young people playing in the water.
in  Foxe basin was frozen.
A woman is slicing an onion with a knife.
The blonde woman is wearing a black, american flag, tartan cap.
Train Derailment Kills 4 in New York
String of Iraq blasts kills at least 32
Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing.
Group of little girls and a dog standing on the road.
A dog leaps off a dock and into the water.
Analysts surveyed by First Call were expecting sales of $723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share.
Hilited your common sense/deductive reasoning thing.
Hrithik Roshan, wife Sussanne part ways
He urged employees to "avoid complacency" and to "change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."
A woman is going on a walk with her dog.
Venezuelan leader returning to Cuba for treatment
ICC lawyer detained in Libya on security concerns
Richard Grasso quit as chairman last week after losing the support of his board amid public furor over his $140 million pay package.
Minimum wage laws hurt the least skilled, least productive the most.
Asteroid zips between Earth and satellites
A person is slicing a meat into pieces.
A man is cutting carpet with a knife.
Nadal tops Djokovic for 7th French Open title
Frankel said Peace Rules will run in the Preakness Stakes on May 17.
The three grocery chains were relying on store managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open.
britain has struck an agreement to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds (about 13.9 billion us dollars).
You have to decide how much you want to demand, and what unmet demands you can live with.
Someone is sitring noodles in water.
He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops.
China yuan weakens to 6.1705 against USD
Alright just got in.
A woman is enjoying the summer weather.
"This proposal is modest compared with the space programme, and may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to it.
Five foreigners sentenced to death for drug smuggling in Egypt
A girl bounces in a bounce house.
A group of children do stretches on colored mats.
Egypt violence: Student killed in clashes at Cairo’s Islamic university
Apple revenue misses again, iPhone disappoints
The time was about 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital.
15 dead in Iraq attacks, bomb at football pitch
The train sits at the train station.
A cat retrieves an object out of a dish of water.
Plane in mid-flight at sunset.
A small white dog chews on a twig while lying on a wooden deck.
A young girl makes her bed.
The man is playing the keyboards.
Two baby pandas are playing.
Matt Smith to leave Doctor Who after 4 years
He wounded a security guard and then fled, stabbing two passersby as he ran off along the promenade.
A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.
A man is cutting paper.
Two boys are jumping into a pool.
Manila to increase counter-terror team
A woman covers a piece of meat with flour.
A man is playing the electric guitar.
Gunmen kill nine people in northwest Pakistan
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
Two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them.
Two years ago, the House passed a similar version that floundered in the Senate.
Two men walking past a mural of a car.
"Oh, you're such a good person!
One NATO soldier killed in S. Afghanistan
The FTC signed up 50 million phone numbers for the list, which was due to go into effect October 1.
Suicide bomber kills 3 at US base in Afghanistan
A person is doing very well on their skateboard.
A person folds a piece of paper.
Pakistani Taleban chief killed in US drone strike
U.N. Security Council Calls for Unconditional Cease-Fire in Gaza
They have actually showed a cooling trend since  due to the recent decline.
The most obvious is the oldest long distance walk in Scotland: The West Highland Way.
South Africans mark ailing Mandela's 95th birthday
A man plays the flute.
A sea turtle is hunting for fish.
I think the dual goals have a lot to do with the purpose of the antagonist.
The AFL-CIO is waiting until October to decide if it will endorse a candidate.
The company will launch 800 hot spots, or "Wi-Fi Zones," later this summer, and plans to have more than 2,100 by the end of the year.
The woman is putting on lipstick.
Man rowing a boat.
Navy jet crashes into Virginia buildings, injuring six
US Senate passes gay workers bill
The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.
An orange tabby cat sleeping on the sofa.
One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty.
The network is also dropping its Friday night "Dateline" edition.
Three bomb attacks kill six soldiers, one civilian
A person is adding food in a pan.
The elephants are bathing.
World powers and Iran to resume expert nuclear talks on Dec. 30
4 killed, 6 injured in attacks in Iraq
A panda bear is laying down.
There is NO good reason for the failure to implement video plays in professional soccer.
French-led troops close in on Timbuktu
A car is driving along the road.
Doctors concluded Erbitux, the cancer drug that enmeshed ImClone Systems in an insider trading scandal, worked just as well as an earlier company-sponsored study said it did.
ooo strike TWO those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it.
An Apple computer sitting on the floor.
A blue bird perched on a gloved hand.
Key says marae visit a lost opportunity
Rocks, Tear Gas Fly as Thai Protests Heat Up
Tsunami warning after Aceh quake
The brown and white dog is playing in the snow.
Spokesman James Howe said five children aged between 4 and 17 were taken to hospital with neck and chest injuries, while three others were treated at the scene.
Probe into motor insurance market
The market's broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.
Singapore stocks close 0.41 pct higher
A group of military personnel are playing in a brass quintet.
There is one airline, Spirit Airlines, which is trying to copy Ryanair with super cheap tickets and aggressively bad service.
A cat laying on a red cushion looking at the camera.
A person is picking a komodo dragon and putting it in a box.
People are running a marathon
Despite problems in the job market, the latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting.
What's your definition of nature?
I think you are missing the point with entrepreneurs.
7 Tibetans self-immolate in China
A rider is running and jumping her horse.
Bangladesh Opposition Leader Sentenced to Death for War Crimes
A woman puts ingredients in a whisked egg.
A three-judge panel of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in St. Louis overturned a ruling issued last year that supported the ordinance.
A American flag is blowing in the wind.
Mel Gibson is negotiating with Newmarket Films to distribute his embattled Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" in the United States.
An audiotape aired last week by the Arab al-Jazeera television network may be the strongest evidence yet that Saddam survived the war.
A woman is picking tomatoes.
Militants kill 6 soldiers in northwest Pakistan
Why would the addition of more of Jesus words be left out of the canon?
That is up from $1.14 billion during the same quarter last year.
The machine shaved the end of the pencil.
Three children playing in snow.
Iran MPs say ready to ban oil exports to some EU states
A guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court.
Russian foreign minister to meet UN chief
Someone is folding a piece of paper.
A blond haired lady in white poses for the camera.
Yes, dull dialog should be removed completely (or transformed to interesting dialog).
Black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs.
Suicide attack kills at least 12 in northern Iraq
How exactly is Germany being 'punished' for the stupidity of WW?
The International Committee of the Red Cross, fearful for the safety of its staff operating in Iraq, announced it was temporarily shutting its offices in Baghdad and Basra.
Stock index futures signal early losses
No extortion, no bribery, no money involved He's asking for money for his vote.
He moved to Syria, where he underwent further religious training in traditional Islamic beliefs.
Unlike others, I think the route is pretty well described.
A red and gray train travels through a tunnel amongst the trees.
The murky waters of the South China Sea
A baby is laughing.
This after seven health care workers at a public hospital fell ill with flu-like symptoms.
A man is playing two keyboards.
Body of missing South Korean shipping tycoon found in field
Four arrested as Bangladesh building toll rises to 352
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said investigators are considering the scenario.
A cruise liner docked at the shoreline.
PC David Rathband: twin brother's fears for his 'bestest mate'
US and Russia agree Syria arms deal in Geneva
The girl is young and cheery.
6.1-magnitude quake hits Papua, Indonesia -- USGS
The child would like to swim.
The technology-focused Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> advanced 6 points, or 0.30 percent, to 2,053, erasing earlier losses.
A little girl in a white blouse and blue pants frolics on the grass.
I'll Have Another retired to stud
OPEC this week is set to pressure independent exporters to back the cartel's next supply cut to prevent the resumption of Iraqi exports undercutting oil prices.
A kid is playing an instrument.
My best, Kutte My ex-fiance wouldn't use the VA or Navy doctor's.
A man is slicing a potato.
the plan for tunisia is the creation of electronic databases to facilitate tax collection.
A baby boy is happy to see his mother.
A floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, the ship took about five years to build.
A man is playing the drums.
A man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow.
Red truck spinning tires and emitting smoke from behind.
You can use it, too.
Under the proposed terms of the transaction, and following the spinoff of PalmSource, Palm will exchange 0.09 shares for each share of Handspring.
Birds are flying at a beach.
Poverty stats doubt Modi's development claims
North Korea Warns Foreigners in South, Advising Evacuation
Police kill gunman, find 3 more dead in Colo. home
These are tickets to the archaeological sites of Epidaurus (which includes the still in use theatre) and Mycenae.
Sri Lanka seek one-day revival against Pakistan
A boy goes down an inflatable slide.
Regular dish washing fluid is great for removing grease, as it not only dissolves it but also binds it.
A bear is running from two dogs.
A close up of an ostrich face.
Romney wins big in Puerto Rico primary
The U.S. women, who are defending champions, will play on Sept. 25 in Philadelphia and conclude group competition on Sept. 28 in Columbus, Ohio.
Hundreds of Bangladesh clothes factory workers ill
What the Papers Say, June 25, 2013
Suicide Bomber Kills 6 in Afghan Capital
A woman plays with a brown dog.
No, you do not NEED a bread machine.
The red scooter is sitting on the street in front of the building.
Nelson Mandela's condition improves
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will say at tonight's $2,000-per-person reception to raise funds for his presidential re-election bid.
Conte said Druce will be charged with murder.
CMIE cuts 2012-13 growth forecast to 6.3%
The seven other nations in the initiative are Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal and Spain.
Paul Walker dead: Fast and Furious star, 40, killed in car crash
A man is sitting on one of two red benches and staring into a kiosk.
In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.
Syrian forces and rebels clash in coastal province
Spain Princess Testifies in Historic Fraud Probe
A white dog is running through the water at a beach
Micronesia vice president to visit China
If not, don't do that and spend that time with something you like to do.
A dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer.
Russian Orthodox Church rallies faithful after criticism
Two women sitting on a bench, their faces obscured, with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume.
23 Missing as Typhoon Utor Hits Philippines
3 traffic accidents leave 56 dead in China
The topics you mention are very broad and not closely related in the scientific world.
Suicide Bomber Kills 11 in Afghanistan
A baby in a highchair holds a ketchup packet.
Talabani told him the Governing Council would "need UN assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken."
A black poodle frolics in the snow.
Two ladies in skimpy clothes pose next to an old fashioned car.
Thousands gather to support Islamist government in Tunisia
I have  years of "Neener Neener" rights Usually I get pretty decent care.
Syrian prime minister survives assassination attempt
Eastern U.S. storms leave 2 dead in Va., 2 million without power
But Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday came on several fronts.
Iran, IAEA Officials Meet Ahead of March Nuclear Deadline
The blond woman is searching for medical supplies in a suitcase.
Suicide bomber kills 13 at restaurant in central Somalia
in early may 2002 officials from the philippines, malaysia and indonesia signed an anti-terrorism agreement to share airline passenger lists and other intelligence.
Three dogs playing in the snow.
CCAG supported Bill Curry, Rowland's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election.
Puretunes representatives could not be located Thursday to comment on the suit.
NATO soldier killed in S. Afghanistan
A man is adding sliced vegetables to a cooking bowl with water.
Gunman kills 6 in shooting at Wisconsin Sikh temple
But at the age of 15, she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision: it was time to try surgery.
A man is watching TV on the foot of his bed.
Suicide bomber kills 9 at Pakistan political rally
A young girl is using sign language.
Two women are shopping.
Several cardinals stand in the snow.
A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth
A chef is cleaning up a bowl of soup.
'Scores of bodies' found in Syria
Egypt strongly opposes military action against Syria
Iran presidential candidate says western sanctions should be broken
A baby panda goes down a slide.
A man is playing an instrument.
The two dogs are playing in the yard.
Egypt announces one-month state of emergency nationwide
A man is scaling a fish.
A man is talking on the phone.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
NATO ups military presence amid Russian threat
A bunch of bikes racing on a track.
'Housewives' actress Kathryn Joosten dies at 72
Bangkok tense on Thai election eve
Hezbollah confirms it sent drone downed over Israel
Al-Qaida Leader Urges Kidnapping of Westerners
Bangladesh prison van ambushed
Train driver in Spain crash questioned by judge
3 dead, 4 missing in central China construction accident
A player bounces a ball.
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam for everyone but immediate family members, Pentagon officials said.
A man sleeps with a baby in his lap.
A white and brown dog playing with a black toy.
The Judges orders a three-page letter to be filed.
The CWA, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called that excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 a year.
Imran blames rival for colleague murder
Two boys in black swimming trunks are holding another boy by his arms and legs on a beach.
Egyptian Christians choose new pope
estonian officials stated that the attacks originated in russia.
A man rides off on a motorcycle.
US soldier ‘doesn’t recall massacre’
AU forces intensify attack on Somali rebels
It is not recommended to use greywater on vegetables that you will eat directly.
Judge enters not guilty plea for James Holmes
By the time that Qin had totally collapsed, Xiang Yu was China's hegemon.
Aust stocks open lower
Five killed in Belgian coach crash
A little girl in an orange striped outfit is airborne whilst bouncing on a bed.
The film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in November with The Matrix Revolutions.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500-stock index was up 4.83 points or 0.49 per cent to 980.76.
A man is maneuvering a soccer ball with his feet.
The wider your aperture, the smaller your focal depth will be.
Erdogan and Putin talked in raised voice
A white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war.
US lawmakers take next step on new Iran sanctions
Two women shopping at a clothing store.
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada - the FDA's counterpart in Canada.
The USSR growth rate during the 50's was not exceptionally high.
A boy in the middle of a pitch at a baseball game.
A person draws on a dollar bill.
The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1%, the highest level since July 1994.
Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.
Two die in Syria violence after UN monitors land
and videos Seismic data does not equal duration of collapse.
South Korean soldier reportedly flees after killing 5 comrades at border with North Korea
the anti-defamation league took out full-page advertisments in swiss and international newspapers earlier in april 2008 accusing switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal.
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida voted Saturday to repudiate a decision by the denomination's national convention to confirm a gay man as bishop.
This will depend on the university.
The volatile mix could drag the session beyond the four days allotted by Bush, said Senate President Jim King.
In a case in August, a 27-year-old laboratory worker in Singapore developed SARS.
They came despite what BA called a "difficult quarter", which it said included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow.
A boy and a girl playing on the beach.
regional and international non-proliferation issues should be addressed through dialogue and negotiations.
The woman is drinking lemonade and watching T.V.
Egypt forces set to block access to Morsi protest camps
Two snowboarders are in the air over the snow.
Pope urges action on climate change in draft encyclical
What will be the response in California?
wait for the contractions to get stronger and closer together.
Mali rebels declare independent 'Azawad'
A man is smelling two pizzas.
Bodies of missing Israeli teens found in West Bank
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 49 points, or 0.47 percent, to 10,578.
police arrested 2 honduran drug trafficking suspects.
Two dogs are shaking water off.
Some men are sawing.
Egypt's interior minister survives bomb attack
Nick Markakis, a left-hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia, went to the Orioles with the seventh pick.
Kerry postpones visit to Israel in one week
Afghans flock to colleges, even as Taliban loom
Malaysia's long-ruling coalition hangs on to power
A pack of sled dogs pulling a sled through a town.
Man dies in French 'anti-terror operation'
The American Roman Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 sex abuse lawsuits involving priests.
You have to much intervention in free markets, not too little.
A puppy is trying to get out of a bathtub.
The man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain.
Bollywood cuts costs by a third as rupee collapse bites
a siemens spokesman in germany stated to the agence france-presse that siemens was confident about the outcome of the talks to sell the plutonium-processing facility.
Suspected al-Qaeda financier arrested in France
A man lies on a street with his headand shoulders under a parked car that is jacked up.
When did I compare homo sexuaity with a developmental disorder?
Following California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or tougher bans.
A brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball.
Supermarket chains facing a possible grocery clerk strike this week accused union leaders Monday of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend.
A red train driving through a snow covered city.
Car bombs kill at least 49 in Iraq
"What is happening here is that people who have opposed this action throughout are trying to find fresh reasons why it was not the right thing to do."
A couple walking down the street.
The lady put the baby int a trashcan.
Most style guides recommend against using the slash in phrases like “X and/or Y”, as well as  “this is hard/impossible to do”.
The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off between next Wednesday and Friday from a launching site in the Gobi Desert.
The letter indicates the Vatican's interest in bolstering conservatives within the Episcopal Church.
in september 2007 jordan signed an accord with the united states aimed at supporting the peaceful development of the jordan's nascent nuclear program.
a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick.
Supreme Court possibilities if Romney wins election
Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.
Attacker in Afghan uniform kills 2 NATO troops
Syria envoy calls for National Unity Government
A little boy is drinking from a juice packet.
The puppy is outdoor.
Clash of Styles in Court Opens Trial in Young Man‚Äôs Death
Two men are setting up some electronic equpitment
You're going to find answers all over the map for this one (i.e., there probably aren't "standards").
The men were immediately flown to nearby Botswana on a chartered Air Malawi flight, Malawi intelligence officials said on condition of anonymity.
A man jumping rope
Didier Reynders on Syria
The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.
the purpose of the new law is to remove any legal obstacles to building more advanced spy satellites and to encourage innovation in japans's space industry.
PCB appoints Waqar Younis as head coach
Woman dies while riding roller coaster in Texas
Singapore shares open 0.83% higher on Wednesday
Man with knife arrested at entrance to Buckingham Palace
That package included increases to both the city's sales and income taxes.
U.S. has not concluded Syria used chemical weapons -White House
A group of people having a meal outside.
Edit, again: The question seems to have changed, yet again.
Major fires had burned 264,000 acres by early last night.
No deal on fiscal cliff as Obama goes on holiday
Another disadvantage of the dew factor is that it makes hitting boundaries difficult.
Iran condemns alleged Israeli airstrike on Syria
Repsol blasts Argentina over nationalization of YPF
A man pours some cooking oil into a pot.
Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
US toll in Afghanistan hits 2,000
A little girl is playing a grand piano on stage.
Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like All Things Considered and Morning Edition.
Mandela's family thanks nation and world for support
Refresh your memory: Who supposedly operated the homicidal gas chambers?
A lion tries to climb over a wall.
Lord Falconer hailed the changes as "a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned".
Zombies parading around eating brains.
Close up of a bottle of water.
A little boy is throwing a man in water.
If convicted of the spying charges, he could face the death penalty.
A tennis player in the middle of a game.
He had no intention of apprehending him.
It's not the same thing.
A submarine is going through water.
A sheep beside a road and a lake.
A bloody man and woman pose for a picture.
A dog is playing with a toy.
Take a look at these:
A piece of paper is being cut.
Two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow.
A person is cutting an onion into pieces.
East Timor Bans Martial Arts Schools Amid Killings
Senate confirms Obama nominee to key appeals court
The retailer said it came to the decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates.
A man walks across a tight rope.
Consumer groups oppose the changes, saying they would concentrate too many outlets in too few media empires.
A woman is getting her hair done at a salon.
Then he is malevolent.
Irreligion that doesn't do that I don't have a problem with.
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices may have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect.
Thousands of Morsi supporters gather in Egypt
"I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, J. Michael Boxley,'' the Silver statement said. "
a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck.
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool.
The euro <EUR=> was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $1.18.
The 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Wednesday ruled that an Ohio law banning a controversial late-term abortion method passes constitutional muster and the state can enforce it.
Sarkozy announces re-election bid
An animal is walking.
School officials said Van-Vliet reported the accident using the bus’ radio.
The University constituencies are modelled on the University constituencies in use in Britain in 1922 when Ireland became independent.
Another migrant boat capsizes off Italy, 27 dead
Pictures show completed Costa Concordia operation
Suicide bombers attack US base in Afghanistan
So answer the question.
Also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS.
The people shouting for justice for Trayvon are all hypocrites.
The network will drop one edition of "Dateline," its newsmagazine franchise.
Although cheese is very healthy and also good during pregnancy, some types might contain Listeria, which can cause serious problems.
Generally you're supposed to apply at the US consulate at your place of residence.
The Atlanta Olympic Games attack killed one woman and injured more than 100 other people.
Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship.
Treasury proposes 1.5% income tax raise in budget
Two white cows in a green pasture.
The bodies of some of the dead, pulled out from under the train, were laid out beside the tracks while emergency services brought in wooden coffins.
Syria rejects US, UK chemical arms claims
The servers can run Solaris x86 operating system or the standard Linux operating system.
the agreements were signed during iranian majlis (parliament) speaker gholam-ali haddad-adel's visit to cuba.
Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on July 29
But the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
Los Angeles airport worker charged with making 9/11 threats
The government did not identify the taikonauts — a term coined from ‘‘taikong,’’ the Chinese word for space — who would travel on the second mission.
Israeli envoys summoned over settlement plans
The man is using a sledghammer to break the concrete block that is on the other man.
Two smiling little girls playing in a fountain with other people.
Nigeria police make arrests after college massacre
A group of people are wearing bunny ears.
Probe alleged use of chemical weapons in Syria
Worker dies at World Cup stadium
A masked man sings.
Two birds are perched on a metal band.
A woman reads while on public transportation.
A group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach.
Minn. terminal reopens after evacuation
It is widely expected to give Bair formal approval to offer the plane for sale to airlines.
The brown and white cows are eating in the trough.
A brown dog runs on the sand, holding a stick.
Obama rejects GOP offer to ease shutdown
a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field
A passionate nationalist, Mr. D'Alessandro said: "Canada is a small country, and we need more companies like this."
Chinese shares close higher Friday
I thought that was mostly just the Dutch.
It's official: Deal reached on "fiscal cliff"
"They've been in the stores for over six weeks," says Carney.
A man in an orange jacket raising his hands to the sky in the sand.
a boy is running on the sidewalk
A man is playing with frogs
A clown is singing.
Nobel Prize winning author Doris Lessing dies
A child is waking up.
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police officer J.D. Tambe told Reuters, adding 26 of the dead were women.
A person is doing pencil tricks with his hand.
A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park.
A train is on the railroad tracks.
South Korean woman in contact with MERS patient dies
The cat is drinking milk.
The man is riding a motorcycle down the road.
Saudi Arabia gets a seat at the UN Security Council
Iran steps up sensitive nuclear work - IAEA
A villain you want to take down is, at his/her core, someone who does not care about the suffering of others.
Personally, I would say not unless it suits you.
A white lamb with its nose against a wooden box.
"It just seems like all the issues that we support he doesn't," said Gabriela Lemus, the league's director of policy and legislation.
Security analysts said the new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by mid-afternoon on Monday.
In a "first-past-the-post" system, it is difficult to sustain more than two parties.
You need to add this to your resume because it is the only position you have had.
Not guilty plea for James Holmes – but insanity option still on table
A tan and white dog laying in bed with a yellow coverlet.
The weekend arrest of Russia's richest man, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of oil major YUKOS, on charges of fraud and tax evasion unnerved financial markets.
Asian shares rally after string of upbeat data
A man is getting into a car in a garage.
A large green ball hits a potato.
The new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by Monday, according to security analysts.
the court accused raghad saddam hussein of funding terrorism.
A cat, perched on a table, looks out the window.
Blizzard wallops US Northeast, closes roads
Some kids play in a field.
A man is riding a white horse on an enclosed ground.
Syrian rebels claim responsibility for killings in Lebanon
The dog took something out of the refrigerator.
Two women in a clothing store.
A man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball.
Chicago teachers union delegates could end strike
Protests Continue In Ukraine's Capital
A woman puts a garland over a man's shoulders.
Obama moves to fill Fed board, taps Fischer to be No. 2
A man tries to read the paper.
Christie investigation heats up
Shares of LendingTree soared $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Five girls and one boy are in their swimsuits all in the middle of jumping into the pool.
Negotiators reach deal on Congress payroll tax cut bill
US to Determine Extent of Chemical Weapons Use by Syria
A blond-haired child performing on the trumpet in front of a house while his younger brother watches.
A man calling for a taxi at the airport on a sunny day.
a close up of a woman holding a white puppy.
Dusty had surgery for cancer in 2001 and had a kidney removed.
Three dogs running through water.
Bomb wounds 16 in eastern Afghanistan
A puppy is sliding backwards along the floor.
A boy sits on a bed, sings and plays a guitar.
A dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy.
A man is cutting tomatoes with a cleaver.
RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was "the one we were all pulling for.
A boy plays a piano.
The man is sitting at the top of a rocky mountain.
A man opens a can and pours the contents into a bowl.
Iran says capable of jamming foes' communication systems
A tan dog is standing in front of some plants.
India, China ink agreement on trans-border rivers
china has stated that the united states pressure on china to stop and search north korean ships could trigger military clashes.
A woman holding a small baby.
Properly executed weight training will increase, not decrease, your flexibility and mobility.
A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach.
Israelis, Palestinians convene over prisoner swap
Indian rape victim dies in Singapore hospital
There are a few things you can do:
A rhino is grazing in a field.
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
Southwest Jet's Nose Gear Landed First
By late afternoon, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.81, or 0.1 percent, at 9,331.77, having gained 201 points Monday to its highest level since July 2002.
Police have arrested 21 people in connection with the murder of a young Nigerian child whose headless and limbless torso was found floating in the river Thames.
A woman is stroking a lemur.
Gu Kailai's Murder Trial Ends in China
two puppies playing around in the grass
A girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence.
You should listen to your boss, because you're not paid to tell the boss what to do.
A woman is cutting vegetable.
Penn Traffic's stock closed at 36 cents per share on Wednesday on Nasdaq, up two cents.
Photos show N. Korea nuclear readiness
Tycoon claims win in Ukraine and promises to seek future in EU
The woman is thinly slicing a cucumber.
Security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps.
Secret Service sees its 'biggest scandal' over prostitutes
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev pleads not guilty to Boston bombing charges
Greece looks set for repeat election
A woman riding a brown horse.
A small boy is building with some wooden blocks.
Girl accused of burning Koran goes into hiding
Easy Rider star Karen Black dies aged 74
religious fiction Isn't that redundant and repetetive?
Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims.
The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
I like the previous answers regarding setting a schedule and fulfilling the rituals of going to a job.
Six new Krispy Kreme stores were opened in the first quarter, bringing the total number of stores to 282.
claims about trayvon's character And when did I do that?
Israel faces European backlash over settlement plan
Ankeet Chavan granted bail to get married
As I remember, in Geneva at least, there are open air markets on a weekly basis.
Bangladesh Islamist leader executed
Two black dogs are playing on the grass.
A dog is chasing cows.
Staff writers Brandon Formby and Colleen McCain Nelson contributed to this report.
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.
Government spying on its own citizens, that's fine.
Consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.
Bill De Blasio sworn in as New York mayor, succeeding Michael Bloomberg
Those refused medical cards urged to contact HSE
Holly Holy We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
indian and pakistani governments nearly engaged in a fourth conflict in 1999.
A woman posing in front of an apartment building in the snow.
A white dog with light brown markings has a stick in his mouth and his paws in the snow.
According to reports, Knight allegedly punched a parking attendant outside a Los Angeles nightclub.
In shock move, Obama puts Syria strike on hold
A woman is washing off the top of a freezer.
The Rev. Christopher Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, did not immediately return several calls seeking comment.
Kerry was viewed favorably by 66 percent of those polled; Dean at 57 percent.
Do you see Obama calling for regulation reform?
Australian PM insists no argument with Indonesia
Bedouin release two Britons seized in Egypt's Sinai
illegal arms trafficking has increased in kenya and raised concern about security.
We don't know if any will be SARS," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
Bombs kill two people, wound dozens at Boston Marathon
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in Atlanta.
Malaysia Airlines investigating co-pilot on missing flight
Throughout China's mainland, the disease has killed 300 people and infected more than 5,270.
A man is hitting a boy with flower vase.
A man riding a white horse.
two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground
12 killed in U.S. drone strike in NW Pakistan
A man pours liquid into a pan.
The sheep is standing under the trees.
Last Thursday, the RIAA sent a stiff copyright warning to Penn State's department of astronomy and astrophysics.
3 Suspects Taken Into Custody in Boston Bombing Case
A man is eating a slice of pizza.
a little girl is riding a white and grey horse.
Building collapses in India; 25 feared trapped
A brown dog runs toward the camera down a rocky trail through the brush with mountains in the background.
Benchmark Treasury 10-year notes gained 17/32, yielding 4.015 percent.
If you asked , conservatives, the numbers will be skewed to the right.
u.n. experts have begun analyzing reports that state the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site.
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.
New Japan govt hints at joining Pacific trade pact: Report
lugar and nunn are senators.
Australia to establish the world's largest marine reserve
Is it legal to grow?
Nuremberg, Germany-based SuSE will license Sun's Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE) and ship Sun's Java Virtual Machine across its Linux software line.
Factories that ran on Korean cooperation go silent
A woman is walking with a red bag.
A woman is cutting a potato.
Eye of the Tiger We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
Two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool.
A girl is on a sandy beach.
A cat is eating some corn.
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state long has coveted this piece of property, and is eager to complete the deal.
Bahrain court upholds sentences against uprising leaders
A woman is exercising.
I believe Alexander lost heart after his horse, Bucephelus, died from a wound received in the battle against Porus.
Three children are playing soccer in the sand.
a man running track
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000.
Nelson Mandela undergoes surgery
A girl runs with dogs in a dry field.
A yellow and orange bird hold on to the side of a cage.
A clown performs for brother and sister as the rest of the party watches.
There's the naïve version of spike triggered averaging, and the sophisticated version.
Philippines government says peace talks with communists have failed
The company has expanded those basic services, offering payment and even financing.
If you want to learn photography, almost any camera will do to start with.
This report was cleared by the Joint Intelligence Committee.
Three men posing in a tent.
Hurricane Sandy reaches Jamaica
He said he also expects to have the support of lawmakers from other agricultural states.
A woman is peeling an orange.
This is probably not a good idea but I will suggest it anyhow.
A man and woman kiss.
A woman is slicing carrot.
DICKSHOT Matt Holliday owns.
The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997.
Kyoto, at least does, as described here: JR Kyoto Station.
Chairman of easyJet to step down
In New York, Vivendi shares were 1.4 percent down at $18.29.
Someone touched the kitten chewing on a string.
Santorum wins Kansas caucuses
Two people sitting on a large motorcycle.
Presumably the decision of drivers to slow down in response to work zone signage is influenced by many factors.
Crisis-hit Maldives holds new presidential poll
Dusty had battled kidney cancer for more than a year.
Four killed, scores wounded in clashes across Egypt
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX shed 0.17 of a point, or just 0.02 percent, to 934.
A man and woman are riding a motorcycle.
US captures al-Qaeda leader but fails in Somalia attack
As per your definition, a star formed in a binary system (hence near some gravitating body) is a generalised planet.
Get it all out," says Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm based in New York City.
A girl in a riding hat on a horse.
A man and woman walking hold each other.
Nigeria church blast kills at least 12
A person is chopping an onion.
A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard.
I'm not outraged, I'm disappointed.
The rock was first observed by the Lincoln Near Earth Asteroid Research Program, also known as LINEAR.
A cat is spun around by a ceiling fan.
Orange shares jumped as much as 15 percent.
Two people paddling a red canoe are reflected in the still water.
Senior US general linked to Petraeus scandal
A woman picking up a large rock.
Two more died later, and initial autopsy reports show they succumbed to dehydration, hypothermia and suffocation.
A little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth.
Oracle chairman Larry Ellison has hinted that the company could yet again increase its offer for rival PeopleSoft.
15 killed, 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq
A white airplane is parked on the cement.
Pussy Riot verdict greeted with defiance
How many passengers said they saw an iceberg?
A little girl is walking down a hallway.
United has paid $34 million in penalties for failing to meet employment targets.
A boy is pushing a van.
Yes, you have to file a tax return in Canada.
A little boy hits a golf ball.
Officials in Chechnya's Moscow-backed government are a frequent target for rebels, and tension is running high ahead of Sunday's presidential election in the war-ravaged region.
Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as "Thank You!," "Re: Details" or "Re: That Movie."
At the hearing he pleaded not guilty to the burial service fraud and false statements charges.
Peace lies over the South China Sea
Maldives court issues arrest warrant for former president
Suicide bomber kills 14 at Russian train station
More than 70 dead in clashes at Morsi rallies in Egypt
Seifert, he testified, had a gunshot wound in the back.
Think of it this way.
Pro-Pak Taliban warlord killed in US drone strike
Syrian forces kill 3 protesters in Damascus-activists
Bowling strike rate is defined for a bowler as the average number of balls bowled per wicket taken.
Obama travels to tornado-ravaged Oklahoma
Chicago teachers strike: Vacations for students, for good or ill
A woman is putting gel on her hair.
At 12:10 p.m. EDT, Canada's benchmark S&P/TSX composite index was up 6.87 points or 0.1 per cent to 6,979.29.
Colgate shares closed Monday at $56.30 on the New York Stock Exchange.
A black dog running through water.
"What they are doing right now is they drive around in their cars, while people are being killed 500 metres away.
The department ordered an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds and a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds.
A dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
Sure, it is possible his home was affected, but not the school.
Apart from admission (which normally should not be related to age), there is something that's related to your question.
Along with Boston, Watertown, Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday.
Without delving into an in-depth analysis of Atlantis and Universe, I'll try and be as succinct as possible.
Nigeria lawmaker charged over alleged bribery
A brown and white dog is running through the snow.
a man working at the steel mill
I'm not yet able to answer if the phenomenon has an official PoliSci name.
The boy is taking a test at school.
First, we must consider that "Sphere" is less Hard SF and more soft SF, thriller, airport novel and such.
There is a young boy with a red and blue jacket on feeding a sheep.
NATO US troop detained over shooting of Afghan civilians
A man is slicing bread.
A long awaited report on the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS outbreak has been released.
It depends on how it's used.
You can mix those, but in my experience, it will be very difficult at first.
Police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday when his jet made a refueling stop in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk.
A man is playing a harp.
A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.
The woman is rolling dough.
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad Wednesday after demonstrators demanding jobs stormed a police station and threw stones at officers, police said.
Its shares fell 71 cents, or 3.5 percent, in after-hours trading to $19.55.
Australia spied on Indonesia president: reports
A person is peeling an onion.
A man is putting a pan into an oven.
A dog is eating a piece of watermelon.
A black dog walking through water.
Among three major candidates, Schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters.
A child is jumping into a swimming pool.
A group of four children dancing in a backyard.
Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.
Angela Merkel headed for narrow win in German elections
Given that the amount of shedding is normal, I don't think there's anything you can do to lessen it.
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday.
Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement.
Usually it's a refuelling stop, and you just sit on the plane.
Miliband pledges to strengthen minimum wage
A man is passionately playing a guitar in front of an audience.
Two people are walking by the ocean.
Four people are floating on a raft.
Man Who Set Himself on Fire on National Mall Has Died
Steve Squyres, a Cornell University scientist, is principal investigator for the missions' science instruments.
Two grey dogs running in green grass.
How should you do that?
Someone is reading an email.
"They ransacked and burned the two villages completely," rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone from the bush.
A boy is vacuuming.
Israel kills Hamas commander, bombs Gaza targets
A woman is dancing in the street.
The Laws of Cricket say that you can declare any innings, no matter what the agreed length is.
A man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people.
Chinese premier meets Indian vice president
Syria's Assad vows to comply with U.N. resolution
Six killed in drone strike in N Waziristan
13 children die in fire Myanmar mosque fire
US teen held in Chicago 'jihad' car bomb plot
US stocks ease in choppy trading
A man shoots a shotgun.
An injured woman co-worker also was hospitalized and was listed in good condition.
He added: "There is no doubt about the chemical programme, the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapons programme.
Two robots are kissing.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_Delhi#Early_history shows that the city was called Delhi (or Dilli) at least since the 12/13th century.
Wikipedia's compilation of Time Travel Rules is a good resource to check about this subject.
A man is staring out the window.
Why Cyprus bailout is nothing more than usual euro nonsense
James Murdoch quits BSkyB
A man is putting rice in a bowling pot.
Two young girls wearing skirts are playing in a garden.
A woman is brushing some shrimp.
Garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of Baghdad, Mohammed Mohsen al-Zubaidi, was released after two days in coalition custody.
Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief.
Syrians Protest against Erdogan in Paris, Venezuelans Stress Support to Syria
A woman is applying makeup.
Green Lantern to be relaunched as gay superhero
Israel air strikes kill 4 in Gaza; death toll now at 38
Gusmao consolidates power in East Timor elections
Wreckage of Air Algerie plane carrying 116 people found in Mali
Starbucks clears college degree path for workers
If I owe you a trillion dollars, you have a problem.
A skateboarder riding up to a slope.
Sony reports record annual loss
A pile of used wooden building materials with a chair on top.
Someone is banging a camera lense against a nail.
India Minister's wife died 'unnatural death' after affair rumours
uranium is a radioactive material which is the primary basis for generating dirty weapons of mass destruction and terrorism.
Davey graduated Saturday from Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, with a bachelor of arts degree in religion and philosophy.
Eye Opener: Supreme Court rules on Arizona immigration law
If you leap up to make a hit, you're getting a penalty.
The Note's Must-Reads for Friday May 24, 2013
The Justice Department filed a civil rights lawsuit Thursday against the state of Mississippi, alleging abuse of juvenile offenders at two state-run facilities.
If they were Catholics, I would call them Catholics.
Australia: Australia hands asylum-seekers back to Sri Lanka
Ten killed in Russia coal mine blast
A few more point to think about:
The executives fined included former Chief Executives Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman as well as former Chief Financial Officer Barry Romeril.
A person riding a dirt bike in the outdoors.
A guy is peeling a potato.
Rooney helps Man United beat Everton 3-0 in Premier League
A white dog runs through a snow covered wood.
Two men are waiting for a ride on the side of a dirt road.
U.S. trade agency rules for Samsung, bans iPhone 4 imports
A white and brown dog is running over grass.
I'd offer Iran a deal.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.
BlueCore3-Multimedia contains an open platform DSP co-processor and also includes a 16-bit stereo audio codec with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
Foreign companies eye new 'opening-up'
A grey cat with green eyes looking into the camera.
Super typhoon Haiyan closes in on the Philippines
Someone is riding a horse.
Stocks dipped lower Tuesday as investors opted to cash in profits from Monday's big rally despite a trio of reports suggesting modest improvement in the economy.
A dog peaks out the back of a truck.
There is a young boy with the woman.
Zimbabwe‚Äôs opposition MDC party challenges Robert Mugabe‚Äôs election win
Two terriers play on the wood floor of their home.
the bill proposing the new law allowing the use of space programs for defense was already approved by the lower house of japan's government last week.
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.
Lee Janzen, tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 to tie for sixth with Bob Crane (67) at 269.
A dog is peeking out of the back of a van.
A computer on a desk.
A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz.
Miss New York Crowned Miss America 2013
National Breast Cancer Centre head Professor Christine Ewan said there was no need for panic.
Yes, they are both different.
A kangroo is eating something.
France confirms two French journalists killed in Mali
I think that the short  answer to your question is: No.
Indonesians vote for president in tight race
A woman is taking a picture.
US to allow morning-after pill for girls of any age
US seeks to reassure wary Gulf allies over Iran deal
One of the 14 Kurds pointed at the word "refugee" in an English/Turkish dictionary.
Three men in suits sitting at a table.
Of the 24 million phone votes cast, Studdard was only 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
49 feared dead in Buenos Aires train crash
Malawi's new president sworn in after disputed elections
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498.
An airplane is flying in the air.
UN court convicts 6 Bosnian Croats of atrocities
Douglas Meester, 20, is charged with rape, sodomy, indecent assault, and providing alcohol to minors.
General strike ends: Histadrut, Treasury reach agreement
I had the same problem as you.
Ferrer cruises into Australian Open quarter-finals
The cat cleaned his face with his paw.
A young boy riding in a swing.
South Africa train crash kills 26
The man is adding seasoning to the beans.
The black dog is running through the grass.
Cats don't usually like to have their paws held, touched, or anything like that.
The covert war in Pakistan
The man sat in his chair and stared.
Three shirtless men are dancing in the street.
You've got it right.
Three feared dead after helicopter crashes into pub
Burial of Boston bombing suspect appears legal
'Grenade attack' kills one and injures at least 11
A man plays the keyboard with his nose.
Man sleeping on the street.
Well, whatever, you're aware of it now.
A bicycle is parked by a shop.
Three bottles are on a table.
I would say you can do it, but it wouldn't be advised.
ABVP protesters clash with police at Jantar Mantar, throw stones
A rooster pecks at a dead mouse.
There are 2 problems with the viewpoint you presented in the question, which explain the seeming contradiction.
The world's two largest automakers said their U.S. sales declined more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of an industry backlash than expected.
Reading your post, made me think of my younger years !!
This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here," he said to loud applause.
4 foreigners among 9 killed in Kabul hotel attack
A rabbit is playing with a toy rabbit.
Indian PM snubs Commonwealth summit
A shirtless woman is operating a lawn mower.
Some ancient historical precedent exists for preferring $10$, but also for $6$, so that's mixed support from Wikipedia on perfect numbers.
"It seems to me ... we're just dealing with bragging rights here, who wins and who loses," said Gammerman, who heard the case without a jury.
A woman is frying meat.
Three men sitting at the table with beer and food.
EU puts Hezbollah military wing on terror list
The Note's Must-Reads for Monday, November 25, 2013
FAA lifts ban on U.S. flights to Israel
The letter bomb sent to Prodi exploded in his hands but he was unhurt.
Another meaning behind this quote aside from probabilities of winning a theoretical battle is the importance of knowing/understanding others.
Singapore stocks end down 0.45%
N Korea to halt work at joint industrial zone
Nigeria drops arms trafficking charges against Russian sailors
Five NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Labor Department analysts discounted a slight improvement in the national unemployment rate, which fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.
Syria welcomes Iran's nuclear deal
U.S., EU welcome Iran's offer to restart nuclear talks
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> tacked on 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,053.27.
6 dead, 33 hurt in Cotabato blast
N Korean ship carrying Cuba missiles seized
A multicolour dog in a red collar crouching on the grass.
A dog is barking at a fly.
Indonesian capital prays for metro to ease traffic chaos
Tampa Bay manager Lou Piniella, bench coach John McLaren and Huff all were ejected in the middle of the ninth.
Saudi Women To Protest Against Driving Ban
billion . Everyone in the world at Mexico's current prosperity level.
Militant attack from Afghanistan kills four in Upper Dir
Why did that transaction take place.
Oscar Pistorius sentenced to 5 years in prison
Britain's Prince Philip set for 'exploratory' surgery
Man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse.
Attorneys for both the archdiocese and the plaintiffs began meeting last week to reach the out-of-court settlement.
A boy is checking a calender.
Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel.
Eurozone unemployment hits record high
Singapore stocks close 0.54 pct higher
I then asked: What are they trying to hide?
South Korean President Sorry For Ferry Response
"This decision is clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement.
Two dolphins jumping into the water.
More than 100 officers launched the London raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring.
Forex & Gold 19 July 2012
The girl is spraying the plants with water.
Someone is slicing fruit.
Three women wearing black vests and gray shirts are talking outside of a building.
The men are putting suitcases into the car's trunk.
Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.
A small dog is laying on a bed.
A chicken is pecking at a dead mouse.
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, who teaches law at the University of California, Berkeley.
A dog is running through water.
Israel launches airstrike into Syria
Unit volumes also set a record as notebooks accounted for more than 40 percent of sales.
Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain food products.
Obama urges military action against Syria, but will seek Congress' OK
Russian opposition leader under house arrest
Sail boat sailing on the water.
A black and white dog frolics in the snow.
A man is putting garlic on some bread slices.
It doesn't have to be braindead.
There were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey.
Do you see Obama calling for Cut, Cap and Balance?
A flag is waving.
Napthine takes the reins after Baillieu's leadership crumbles
A man sitting in a back yard playing the guitar.
Woman in black dress with red accessories is walking down the street.
A woman is cutting through an onion.
If so, state that is why they're not true.
US warns Syria on chemical weapons
The coffee simply picks up the aluminum from the pot, as the coffee is acidic.
She obviously has a legit excuse, although she could have been more responsible and "have" told you in advance.
You mean, you believe the word of the SpringHallConvert?
A little girl and boy are reading books.
"Satyrs don't exist" - fine.
A man wearing a hard hat is dancing.
Spanish flamenco guitarist Paco de Lucia dies at 66
Someone is on a blanket.
A man is chopping an onion.
On the week, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 11.56 points, while the Nasdaq Stock Market gained 39.42 points.
A blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing.
The people are lifting bags.
Iran's nuclear quest 'has cost Tehran over $100 billion'
Three sheep in middle of gravel road.
Boston bombing suspect charged in hospital bed
A dog rides a skateboard.
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.
At least 80 dead in northwest Iran quakes
Outrage After Indian Girl, 6, Raped at Her School
Bombing Aimed at Hezbollah Hits Southern Beirut
China yuan weakens to 6.1059 against USD
Two women are posing for the camera and giving the thumbs up sign.
Not 'hiding the ball' on Russia: Obama
Three cows are grazing in a grassy field.
Arsenal v Stoke City ‚Äď live!
A group of people are standing beside a fire truck.
A girl is applying makeup on her face.
If the conversation is not about work, you know what the answer is to your own question.
A person is mixing ingredients in a bowl.
Obama's big Hispanic win worries Republicans
The Dow Jones rose 41.61 points Friday, a gain of 0.4% for the day and 0.7% for the week.
The computers are currently sold in Canada, the United States, and Korea.
4.3-magnitude earthquake jolts SW China
A white dog walking in the snow.
A boy is riding a bike on a gate.
What the Papers Say, Aug. 19, 2013
The woman is holding the hands of the man.
Among them are conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.
Syria envoy says no peace talks without opposition
PM in Tehran, asks NAM to take clear stand on Syria
Genetic predisposition to Alzheimer is inferior genetics.
You are not required to file a tax return in Canada if you have no taxable income.
I've got the same problem, where there are fields of dandelions just beyond the borders of my gardens.
Breivik gets 21-year sentence
Navy panel urges ouster of officer who faked death
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.
About 31 percent of Americans are now obese — roughly 30 or more pounds over a healthy weight.
Russia gives initial approval to adoption ban
A group of people dance on a hill.
Originally Posted by Vienna How was it authoritarian?
People are waiting for the fireworks to start.
The player shoots the winning points.
A woman and a man are amused by headphones.
Yesterday, shares closed up 29 cents, or 0.54 percent, at $54.32.
A man is screaming.
A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent.
"But at no stage did ONA receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah was planning to mount an operation in Bali."
The two dogs are running through the grass.
Indian stocks open lower
I think this is one of those things where you are just out of luck.
Prairie dogs, usually found in southwestern and western states, aren’t indigenous to Wisconsin.
a dog runs through the long grass.
The man played haki sak in the office.
Nobel author Doris Lessing dies at 94
See that makes no sense.
Strong earthquake strikes near Acapulco
Hezbollah's Nasrallah warns US over anti-Islam film
Three cows grazing in a field.
ozawa said that if japan rises to the occasion then japan will never be beaten even in terms of military power.
Australian PM Gillard ousted in leadership vote
Two men in shorts are sitting on a sofa.
Syria fighting rages in capital, Russia pressed
Japan starts hearings on proposed tax hike
The decision is "clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Tim Muris said.
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.
A man and woman stand, smiling for camera.
Microsoft has been awarded a patent on a popular instant-messaging feature that shows users when the person on the other end of the conversation is typing a message.
Egypt braces for Friday of anger after bloody crackdown
Earnings were 59 cents a share for the three months ended May 25 compared with 15 cents a share a year earlier.
A man in a grey suit kneels in front of a woman in a white dress.
"I'm really excited about going to Cleveland," James told ESPN.com.
I oppose the death penalty.
A woman is riding a horse on the beach.
The simple answer is yes!
Mali due to vote for president
Good cheddar has little chunks of calcium lactate on/in it - could it be that?
John Boehner: from humble origin, fiscal cliff may be his undoing
The analyst, already let go by Merrill, can request a hearing before a NASD panel.
According to this website the peak visible magnitude will be about 10.5 around February 2nd.
Ex-first lady Barbara Bush leaves Texas hospital
"It's not zero," said David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
A small monkey walks through water.
A man plays the violin.
Yes, this is true and yes, in most cases indefinite articles indeed developed from numerals, as @MGN already said.
A brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field.
Deaths confirmed after helicopter crashes into Scottish pub
You could sign Lance Berkman at the end of the year I guess?
Clinton: US, Europe Must Work to Defeat Tyrants
The man is eating cereal.
The shirtless man sat in a chair.
U.S. troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near Tikrit, Saddam Hussein's hometown and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters.
India Braces for Massive Cyclone
A deer is jumping over a fence.
A monkey is brushing a bull dog.
A black and white photo of a love seat.
Egypt's Brotherhood as Beleaguered as Its Leader
Classic crossword - Saturday 20th April
Residents return to Fallujah
It's all in her head.
Matt Holliday owns, y'all.
A man is breaking water jugs.
A woman is slicing a garlic.
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.
Two fishermen try to untangle their large fishing net on the side of the road on a cloudy day.
The USA is the world's strongest country because of its military force.
A room with four computer monitors in a row.
Old style bicycle parked on floor.
Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the series launched in 1994, has inked a one-year extension to his deal with producer Warner Bros. TV.
A group of youngsters swim in lake water
A black and white cat playing with a blanket.
Google 'are playing international tax game'
Brazil leader promises reform vote
Jiroemon Kimura: World's oldest person dies aged 116
India Ink: Image of the Day: May 21
a woman at a dinner table writing on her notebook.
Shares of Express Scripts ESRX.O fell about 4 percent to $66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade.
Julian Assange Plans to Run for Australian Senate
Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.
A skateboarder jumping in the street.
A boy cuts grass with scissors.
A climber is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope.
The brown and black dog sprints across the snow.
Two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break.
By law, 911 calls are not public information in Rhode Island.
governance institutions have been ineffective for a long time in somalia.
China says defense budget to rise 11.2% in 2012
.Nazi is a slang term for the NSWP.
Missing Malaysia Airlines plane 'crashes off Vietnam'
The yellow motorcycle is parked on the street.
Snowden asks to stay in Russia
The bulk of India then was not controlled by Porus, but by the Nanda dynasty, centered at Pataliputra.
3 killed, 138 injured in Boston blasts: media
The bulk of the funds, some $65 billion, will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.
It has sought observer status for seven years, but was again rebuffed May 19 at the annual WHO conference in Geneva.
Families stuck on the highway remained in their cars, and used their cell phones to call home.
Pro-Russia rebels downed Malaysian plane: Ukraine
The report added that "spin" and manipulative public relations "are not the answer," but that neither is avoiding the debate.
Alps attack: Girl returns to UK
Boy, 14, arrested for sex attacks around a university campus
Homs offensive kills 200
china is a nuclear power and member of the u.n. security council.
The union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998 after many consumers feared health risks.
investigators claim the british company was a cia cover.
Mr. Chapman, who hasn't been arrested, is expected to appear for arraignment next Thursday, prosecutors said.
A man is cycling.
A woman is deep frying food.
The people who are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use your computer," McKechnie said.
A man is smashing some garlic.
A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported.
Pakistani Mob Kills Man 'for Burning Koran'
ONA explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in Bali.
"The gloves are off," said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.
The confusion capped a tumultuous week for the list, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
Man dies in Co Donegal house fire
Wall Street Ends Mixed
Seven 20- and 21-year-old male cadets were caught in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two female teens, 16 and 18 years.
In these days of googling, it's sloppy to not find the source of a quotation.
A white dog running over a bridge.
Gunmen abduct seven foreign workers in Nigeria
There are many arguments for why this is not the case.
a group of people dancing
What the Papers Say, Mar. 12, 2013
Monkeypox is usually found only in central and western Africa.
Canadian freight train blast death toll hits three, to rise
Singapore stocks end up 0.26 percent
North Korea Delegation Meets With South Korean Officials
this further aggravated the situation.
This is rich coming from a conservative.
A woman is slicing a big pepper.
China flu death toll rises to six
Tokyo shares open higher following strong U.S. performance
A man is tying in the machine.
And Nugent was a complete fool to say what he said.
A group of people eat at a table outside.
No radiation leak at Iran's nuclear plant
in an armed clash iranian police kill 4 alleged drug traffickers, arrest 2, and seize nearly 5 metric tons of opium and morphine.
The hedgehog chewed on the towel.
Five cows are grazing beside the road.
Is it possible for a match to get tie even after applying D/L method?
In Cairo Camps, Protesters Dig in and Live On
New Zealand votes to legalise same-sex marriage
A man swims underwater.
5 US airstrikes target Islamic State fighters
Ukraine President Calls Talks To End Protests
Google releases Nexus 5 phone with Kit Kat
the international institute for strategic studies is located in london.
Congregants of Turner Monumental AME Church said Shelia Chaney Wilson, 43, was agitated when she came to the church, in the Kirkwood neighborhood on the city's east side.
Egypt votes on new constitution
A man is riding a mechanical bull.
5 die in strikes on Gaza, militants barrage Israel
A person is peeling a potato with a potato peeler.
Gunmen kill 15 Libyan soldiers
Black and white photo of couch with purse at one end.
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher — a three-term congressman from Lexington — had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote.
Foreign militants killed in Somalia in strike on car
Singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct
Testimony in trial of former FM Liberman begins
Pro-Palestinian Activists March to UN Headquarters
God definately does not exist.
PG&E's shares gained 24 cents to $15.44 during Tuesday's trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
zhang yan stated that china opposes using non-proliferation as a pretext for restricting and depriving non-nuclear-weapon states of the right to peaceful use of nuclear energy.
Gunman kills six in shooting at Sikh temple in Wisconsin
A man with glasses is talking.
My GTD system is effectively 100 percent electronic--as described in detail here.
The white ducks are standing on the ground.
Three NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
The federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed.
Pakistani prisoner assaulted in Jammu jail
No damage, tsunami after 6.6 quake hits off Indonesia's Sumatra
Cows grazing in a snow covered field.
Dewhurst's proposal calls for an abrupt end to the controversial "Robin Hood" plan for school finance.
A young man wearing a striped shirt is holding two bicycles.
Two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign.
Turkey 'exploits' Syrian refugees
santos stated the radioactive material was the primary basis for generating crude weapons of mass destruction and terrorism.
The man is writing a letter.
He is about to run into the boat
Naval Academy spokesman Cmdr. Rod Gibbons said: ``Today's announcement came as a surprise.
Several kids jump up and down on a trampoline.
Critics say Putin’s security restrictions violate rights
I have two suggestions for you:
an indian government official stated that india does not attach much credence to reports by amnesty international.
On Monday, EchoStar (DISH: news, chart, profile) shares shrank $1.40, or 4.4 percent, to $30.63.
China stocks end lower Thursday
A man is running down a road.
Tokyo stocks open lower
European markets rise on Greek bailout hopes
A man puts some cheese on a pizza.
A woman is dancing on a stage.
Chinese court upholds death penalties for Mekong murderers
Do you not understand what the word 'led' implies?
"At first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken," said Gen. Richard Myers, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
Two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue
A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods.
An elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street.
The plant would employ 1,000 people when fully built out, the company said.
UN team investigates Syrian massacre
You don't need sauce at all.
You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.
Turkey Raises Alarm Over Syrian Refugees
A black, flat screen television placed on the floor.
Three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle.
It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability.
A black dog standing in the grass near a volleyball.
The dog with the red collar is bearing it's teeth at the dog with the blue collar.
People are walking in the garden.
A woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera.
Whenever I start reading the same lines over and over again, I start skimming.
China stocks open higher Monday
Police said her two small children were alone there for up to two days as she lay dead.
To directly answer the two questions in your title.
A man is carving a statue.
A dog is jumping on a trampoline.
A man is frying a tortilla.
Scientists prove there is water on Mars
A tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path.
Amnesty International said that over the past 20 years it had collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq.
Putin wins disputed Russian presidential election
I've used Paint Shop Pro and DxO Optics Pro on Windows.
Kerry to visit Jordan, Israel-Palestinian peace on agenda
A child with his hands on his head.
The academic year does start around September in the USA and I think most European countries.
there were no weapons.
Supporting an ideology in an ostentatious manner (rather than privately or discreetly) is a personality problem.
A crowd of people watching cars race down the track.
A dear friend from Ohio sent me this.
The woman is putting makeup on the man.
Red double decker bus driving down a street.
A young child rides a horse.
Two officers are on horses.
china stressed that opposition of weaponization and an arms race in outer space.
A man is walking on a rope.
PSNI failed RUC officers, tribunal told
U.S. stocks rose slightly on feather-light volume on Friday, as Wall Street regrouped after the biggest-ever power outage in North America.
Red Sox Beat Tigers 5-2 to Advance to World Series
A woman is riding a motorized scooter down a road.
After 9/11, Connolly said, agents spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.
additional individuals and entities are subject to an assets freeze.
Syrian envoy to Cyprus defects to Qatar
"Being against nukes" does not mean "not wanting to use nukes".
antonov spoke the day before a conference on the conventional forces in europe treaty.
A man is showing a bread.
WHO: New virus can probably pass person to person
The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park.
A man is swinging from a rope attached to the ceiling.
One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word "refugee".
A woman is slicing something.
estonian officials stated that some of the cyber attacks that caused estonian government websites to shut down temporarily came from computers in the administration of russia including in the office of president vladimir putin.
A brown horse stands in tall grass.
3 dead in Maryland mall shooting
A woman is playing a flute.
UN Chief Finds His Voice, Remains Cautious on China
the us and allies have accused iran of attempting to develop nuclear weapons under the guise of a civilian nuclear program.
North Korea postpones war-torn family unions
I think you're looking for Mikey (1992).
Spitz is expected to testify later for the defense.
A girl is playing the piano.
This page list all the big Christmas markets in Switzerland.
A dog has it's head inside a red and green gift bag.
The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims "may signal more favorable economic times ahead," she said.
Thirty-four of the men have been arrested and the others are being sought, US Attorney Daniel Bogden said yesterday.
Mr. Powell told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
Romney wins Illinois primary
Gunmen kill 3 policemen in Iraq
French President Francois Hollande's plane hit by lightning en route to Berlin
Gunmen kidnap airline pilots in Lebanon
Court upholds death sentences for Mekong murderers
Yucaipa owned Dominick's before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $2.5 billion.
Man, 19, quizzed over teen murder
Clashes as Greeks protest against more cutbacks
A man is singing while playing the guitar.
The villains I absolutely hate are selfish and self-serving, but they are also cowards.
In that case, the court held that Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics.
A woman is swimming in the water.
Calif. man pleads not guilty in terrorism case
IAF strikes Gaza terror cell; 1 dead
A black dog looking at the camera.
Tan cows look closely at the camera.
Syrian army pushes assault on rebel-held town
Hamas Urges Hizbullah to Pull Fighters Out of Syria
Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine, said the tape raises disturbing issues.
People are sitting on benches.
It is not a good idea.
A girl is putting on eye makeup.
A man sits on steps.
Boston bomb suspect buried in Virginia cemetery
A man riding on a three-wheeled wheelchair.
"Opinionated and stubborn" becomes treat with drugs".
"It got up on his personal radar screen in the past week, and I had to get my pitch.
Two men are dancing together.
May Housing Starts Up 6.8%
US issues global travel alert, cites al-Qaida threat
US offers US$10 mil. for Pakistan militant
A kitchen with wood cabinets and dining table.
Swiss tourist gang-raped in India
Spanish jobless rate soars past 25 per cent
A man with a gray beard is being shaved in front of a lecture hall
Capello resigns as England manager
PeopleSoft's board has recommended stockholders reject the offer.
Libya PM names new cabinet after protests over original
"It's going to happen," said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte.
Romanian president declared victory
Israeli forces arrest 6 Palestinians in overnight West Bank raids
The man took a piece of pepperoni pizza out of the box.
A man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sun set.
Syrian rebel groups battle each other in north
A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool.
A dog is looking around
A brown and white dog is running across a brown field.
White fish are, as a rule, more delicately flavored than darker fleshed fish.
I think it is great that you had a test conducted.
Dave Delainey agreed to cooperate with federal prosecutors in exchange for the plea.
A man is selling items.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.26 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,640.06, based on the latest data.
The valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be collected and turned in to county election officials by Sept. 2.
A woman is stirring meat in a bowl.
A black and white dog is running in a grassy garden surrounded by a white fence.
The man is talking.
The yard has a dog.
reports state that the syrian government was concealing a nuclear facility at the attacked site.
North Korea nuclear test
A dog is moving its mouth.
a man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dogs back
US, NATO Raise Doubts Russia Pulled Back from Ukraine Border
van der merwe suspended geiges' sentence to 5 years imprisonment.
Here is my advice based on my personal experience pumping breastmilk for twin boys for a full year.
CBS said the show "does not present a balanced portrayal of the Reagans for CBS and its audience.
The form insofar is American English; the standard form in British and other English is 'in so far'.
Afghan president approves new election law
Obama meets Israeli, Palestinian negotiators
The man is getting his boat clean to take it out on the water.
A woman is breading some meat.
A small child in a pink dress sits on a table.
Advanced Micro Devices said Fujitsu Siemens Computers is offering a high-end workstation based on AMD's Opteron 200 Series.
Four dogs splashing in the water
A kitten is walking.
Egyptians Vote On New Constitution
A man is staring at a leaf.
Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.
More Deaths Expected in Canada Oil Train Explosion
I can only think of context using insofar as or insofar that.
international atomic energy association is the united nations watchdog.
Syrian Regime Bids To Retake City Of Aleppo
I think that's a great plan.
Waksal has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and is to be sentenced next week.
Who makes money off google ad sense?
It's you who makes no sense.
While some other parts of Africa have been used as Al Qaeda staging grounds, Malawi had previously not been a major focus of investigations into the group.
Annan warns talks of Syria risks
S As you wish: Do you see Hitler killing Jews?
A cat is licking a small bottle.
Three dogs are running in a field.
FACTBOX-Security developments in Pakistan, March 13
Thousands gather for new Russian anti-Putin rally
A boy is playing in the mud.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
MediaQ's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony.
A brown dog running through the grass.
Two dogs play with each other outdoors.
A car parked in front of train tracks.
Pakistani girl shot by Taliban appears on video
Clinton: US, Europe must do more against tyrants
Do you know how many passengers testified or what they said?
Yes, twins can develop their own language, but it's not a given.
A woman holding a newspaper.
Egypt ministry again urges end to pro-Morsi protests
Israel among top arms exporters and importers
As mentioned in the other comments, ANOVA is problematic when mixing types of predictor variables.
Japan revises GDP growth to annual 1.1 pct in Q3
Two medical professionals in green look on at something.
I know this is an old question but I feel I should add my 2 cents.
Prince George is christened at St James's Palace
A woman is slicing a red pepper.
A man with a beard and a skullcap and a boy walk along the ocean's shore.
Russia tells Syria chemical arms threat is unacceptable
UN Security Council slams deadly terrorist attack in Kenyan capital
IDF to deploy Iron Dome in Central Israel
Israeli forces detain 5 Palestinians in West Bank
berlin will host top-level meetings in october to save key european arms control treaty conventional forces in europe (cfe).
Baftas 2013: Olivia Colman picks up two awards
The Dow Jones Industrial Average ($DJ: news, chart, profile) rose 56 points, or 0.7 percent, to 8,588.
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.
I would recommend asking questions in a way that doesn't require a yes or no answer.
Pile of wooden debris with chair on top.
A man is riding a horse in an arena.
Your misogyny is getting messy.
A black and white dog jumps in the snow.
Weak earnings drag stocks lower
I don't have a proposed model.
A woman is slicing a pineapple into pieces.
A man is standing on a roof top playing a violin.
12 killed in Gaza in Israeli airstrikes
A Philips flat-screen TV is shown with its two remote controls.
Gainer said the two staff aides are "very sorry this all happened," and the security personnel had performed "well within standards."
Sony Ericsson also said it plans to close its R&D site in Munich, Germany, for GSM and UMTS handsets.
Those conversations had not taken place as of Tuesday night, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
A new beauty contest kicking off in Italy next week will give pixel-perfect pin-ups the chance to steal sultry Sophia's sex-symbol status.
A leading U.K. medical journal called Friday for a complete ban on tobacco, prompting outrage from smokers' groups.
Thus, Meta - System - atic Dialectic is Diachronico - Synchronic Dialectic.
A man is thinking.
A girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence.
Indian guru arrested on suspicion of rape
mohanty stated that the upgrade will be done soon as it has almost been finalised by the defense research and development organisation, hindustan aeronautics limited and the indian air force.
the international atomic energy agency may have been tricked because it was eager for a deal.
French-led troops control access to Timbuktu
Obama backs Philippines over South China Sea
But the North Korean nuclear crisis has dominated his time in office.
A man is cutting a snake to cook.
Palestinians' first ever UN vote symbolic yet historic
An office with multiple desks and green walls.
John Hickenlooper had 65 percent of the vote to 35 percent for City Auditor Don Mares.
A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it.
Foreign pro-Palestinian activists seek to enter West Bank
A person is squeezing through an opening in the rock face.
A man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers.
A woman plays the flute.
Police seek gunmen in New Orleans Mother's Day parade shooting
A woman is tapping her fingers.
Deaths in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths in 2002, the agency says.
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50.
drug traffickers face the death penalty under tajik law.
A man on a bike jumping through the air.
Butter is being put into a bowl.
The children are holding musical instruments.
A man is dancing on the road.
Egypt lets Mubarak PM back in presidential race
A race horse galloping without a rider.
A man wearing black formal wear & a black top hat is riding a white show horse.
A man is pouring oil into a skillet.
Canadians released in Egypt, not yet heading home
A young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a Domino's Pizza.
Now, militants battle Pakistani police
Bangladesh garment factory collapse kills 149
A dog with a red toy in it's mouth.
A woman is applying eye liner to her eyelid using an eye pencil.
The couple kissing is near a blond woman.
A wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool.
Syria in ceasefire observers call
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.
Some teenage girls are dancing for the camera.
Iraq searches Syria bound Iran plane: officials
DealBook: Stock Exchanges Prepare to Open
NATO: 3 troops killed in Afghanistan attack
Westgate mall attackers spent four months planning in Nairobi
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had the option of signing on Google's services.
A Spanish tanker, Sandra Tapias, was to be loaded with another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, in the afternoon.
Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.
Two dogs running down a beach.
Two women sitting on couch posing for camera.
The target was being shot with bullets.
The key thing to realize here is that it's not your job to make people do their work.
Only two bombs found in Boston Marathon attack
From what I understand this is what you can do :
Remains in Winchester could be King Alfred the Great
The Winston-Salem, North Carolina company opened six stores during the quarter, bringing the total to 282.
2 French Journalists Killed in Mali
GM, the world's largest automaker, has 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses.
A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree.
Iran leader Rouhani says nuclear deal with U.S. possible within ¿three months¿
The boy cut the grass by the curb with scissors.
Iran says ready for fresh round of nuclear talks
A brown dog wades in the water.
the official stated that this was a complete technology transfer.
At midnight on Wednesday, 68 percent of voters said "no" to the tax, with 97 percent of the votes counted.
Police to detonate devices in Colorado shooting suspect's home
Egypt: Child killed in Cairo clashes after pro-Morsi protest
"Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud to manipulate the company's earnings results," Buell said.
Trayvon Martin could have been ...
A woman is ridint a horse.
A train sitting on the tracks near a field.
Edwards Acquitted on 1 Count, Mistrial on Others
Yes, although they can be a bit sour.
Egypt: Protesters storm Muslim Brotherhood's HQ
china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapons.
Hot Air Balloon 'Catches Fire And Crashes'
A man is walking outside.
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging workers at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel.
Nelson Mandela hospital release reports 'incorrect'
A brown horse grazing in a field of green grass.
A close-up of a sheep with a black head.
If you can settle on purple Nunatak and Feather Friends have good sleeping bags in those colors.
In his new position, Dynes will earn $395,000, a significant increase over Atkinson's salary of $361,400.
A woman is putting flour onto some meat.
Israeli army kills 3 Palestinian militants in West Bank clashes
Afghan Parliament Votes to Oust Key Ministers
The dog is chasing the geese.
"Mr. Bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated," Mackey said in a statement.
A man pours oil on some tomatos.
the afghanistan-iran border region has been the scene of frequent clashes between police and drug smugglers.
Kenya: Pair Arrested By Anti-Terror Police
Komen won't cut Planned Parenthood funding
Ban Ki-moon to Review Syria Chemical Arms Accord
Police: Utah soccer referee punched by player dies
Three men eating in a kitchen.
Explosion at Venezuela Refinery Kills at Least 39
A woman is feeding an aardvark.
A building with a temporary sign over the entrance to its parking lot.
"We are aware of the situation," said Assistant US Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counter-terrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
Domestic cat laying on back of cat litter.
Syrian opposition to name delegation for talks
A woman is sitting on the steps because she tripped and hurt her ankle.
26 Palestinian prisoners released from Israeli prison
It estimated on Thursday it has a 51 percent market share in Europe.
A blue and white soccer team playing against each other.
Japan Airlines orders 31 Airbus A350s valued at $9.5 bn
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.
A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform.
A woman is smoking.
Obama and O'Brien Cast Their Versions of D.C. White House Correspondents' Dinner
You can do it, too.
The boy is playing the piano.
A woman is chopping broccoli with a knife.
A couple posing for a picture on a couch.
"IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete," Barrett said.
Obama cancels Moscow meeting with Putin
Lewis Hamilton Takes Pole for Russian GP
I have just had the same problem.
The basketball player holds the ball.
A close up of a brown faced cat.
By the wording of the question, I'm pretty sure you're using one of those pyramidal graters or a "sheet" grater.
Manning sentenced to 35 years in prison
A man is tying a noose.
A woman stands against a wall near a video camera.
Originally Posted by eleanor.ellis
A close up of a horse wearing a blue halter.
A kid plays with a toy phone.
Someone is handling a bun.
There is no freedom of speech.
The car needs to some work
Ankara protesters clash with police
A man is talking into a microphone.
In standard English, I think "don't got" has the same register as "ain't".
Driver backs into stroller with child, drives off
Absolutely ok; we have incorporated coffee grounds into our plant food and many of those grounds included the paper filter.
High court checks President's recess appointment power
22 dead in suicide attack on Yemen police academy
Chinese president arrives in Venezuela for state visit
Bush gets zero credit for the budget under him.
Two dogs play in the grass.
The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen.
Car bomb in northern Syria kills 20
Obama announces creation of twin manufacturing hubs
A man is cutting onions.
Conan O'Brien at the White House Correspondents' Dinner
The rally overshadowed ceremonies marking the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to China on 1 July 1997.
Telstra applies to list China site in NY
The point of aerating your pile is to get oxygen to the microbes that break down the organic matter.
Gonsalves keeps up pressure on Dom Rep
Honduran ambassador to Colombia sacked after wild party
A turtle is walking.
George W. Bush warns against bitter immigration debate
Dozens injured as Morsi supporters clash with security forces
Nepal earthquake death toll surpasses 7,000
A man is cleaning a fish on a kitchen counter.
A man is eating food.
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," Mrs Clinton writes.
I use Elinchrom Skyports, but if money is not an issue then go for PocketWizards.
Originally Posted by zaf We in Britain think differently to Americans.
Boy and girl running along the beach.
A little boy stands with his hands on top of his head
He urged Congress to "send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law."
Crocodile victim's body recovered
"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Sadr said in a fiery sermon at Koufa mosque near Najaf.
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. >> Annika Sorenstam and Michelle Wie drew the crowds, but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
There will be 9.3 million visitors to hot spots in 2003, up from 2.5 million in 2002, Gartner said.
Trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe
Iran expands nuclear enrichment activities: IAEA report
A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow.
A cat swings on a ceiling fan.
Samudra, 32, is suspected of being a key figure in the al-Qaida-linked terror group Jemaah Islamiyah, which has been blamed for carrying out the bombings.
Royal Mail to create 1,000 jobs
Nvidia will take advantage of MediaQ customers, which include such players as Siemens AG, Sharp, Philips, Dell, Mitsubishi and Sony Corp.
Pieces of butter is added in the stand mixer.
An incremental step reported by researchers at the University of California, San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort.
The venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine.
Cairo protesters defy crackdown threat
The Nasdaq Composite index, full of technology stocks, was lately up around 18 points.
the judicial order accused raghad of funding terrorism.
The dog is running through a field.
China's foreign ministry said: "We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue."
He also objects to the sales and personal income tax increases in the package.
A girl loses her kite.
No argument with Jakarta on boats: Abbott
Purge sends chilling message to North Korea's elite
Announcing the selection, Kmart CEO Julian Day said Grey will help the retailer "find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the new America consumer."
I am not aware of any university run participant pools.
The difference is huge, as not all non-physical things exist in minds.
U.S. resumes search for missing British sailors after public
The young man is skateboarding at a skate park.
Six children are cleaning a room.
UN voices alarm over Israeli strikes on Syria
Crowd of people walking past a giant mushroom.
A white dog is chasing cows.
A snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps.
Nelson Mandela memorial service
The brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters.
In seeking leniency, Waksal apologized to the court, his employees and his family.
The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002.
Nissan to offer steer-by-wire systems in some Infiniti cars
So, CAN you do this?
He's not wealthy because he's successful.
People are out sitting in front of a garden.
U.N. concerned at possible Syria chemical weapons
If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.
india has prohibited direct or indirect export and import of all items, materials, goods and technology that could contribute to iran's nuclear weapons delivery systems.
MGM, NBC and Liberty executives were not immediately available for comment.
russia ratified the updated treaty in 2004 but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so arguing that moscow must first fulfill obligations to withdraw forces from georgia and from moldova's separatist region of trans-dniester.
Chavez leaves again for Cuba for radiotherapy
The 27-year-old rapper's attorney in the civil matter, Mark Gann, did not return calls for comment.
Two girls playing with people and flowers behind them.
A red two story bus driving along the street.
U.N. rights chief presses Egypt on Mursi detention
Police: Four killed in German hostage taking incident
Britain's Prince Philip hospitalised, to miss jubilee
O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment.
George Zimmerman Verdict Propels Cable News Into Talkradio Mode
Meteorite hits central Russia, more than 500 people hurt
An elderly Asian couple pose with a yawning baby at a dinner table.
It refers to the maximum f-stop (which is defined as the ratio of focal length to effective aperture diameter).
Guineans Go to the Polls in Presidential Elections
Australia returns asylum seekers to Sri Lanka in sea transfer
Reopen Madeleine case, police urge
New US Sanctions Target Overseas Cyber Attackers
An animal run in circles.
Tropical Storm Karen poised to make landfall
A man is playing soccer.
If you want to buy $ billion in XYZ Inc. common stock, who cares?
City Room: Empire State Building Shooting
I've seen guys that are still very flexable while lifting weights.
American black bears They are somewhat common in some wilderness areas of California, mostly in the mountains.
Kenya Red Cross says death toll rises to 68
More than 3,400 migrants rescued at sea in Mediterranean
She countersued for $125 million, saying Gruner & Jahr broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions.
The DVD CCA appealed that decision to the U.S. Supreme Court.
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.
A black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field.
Two people walking on the beach at sunset.
At Northwest Medical Center of Washington County in Springdale, one child is in serious condition.
An FBI statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday in federal court in Baltimore.
I have noticed most cats don't lick people a great deal.
A bunny is playing with a stuffed bunny.
A buddha statue holding a candle is sitting on a table.
Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore.
A puppy plays with a plastic container.
The International Union of Painters and Allied Trades endorsed Mr Dean several weeks ago.
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground
A man is slicing vegetables.
Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.
A yellow and black bird eats from a bird feeder.
Turkish Prime Minister signals return to hardline on protesters
Someone is mixing a liquid.
Generally unwanted—and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent —spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes.
"This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting," said the foreman, Jim Wolfcale, a 41-year-old minister.
The two girls are walking with their father.
A man is walking along a path through wilderness.
Boeing stock tumbles after fire on 787 Dreamliner
Obama meets Zuma and pays tribute to Mandela
7 states sue over Obama administration's birth control rule
InterActiveCorp's shares closed at $34.19, down $2.81, or 7.6 percent on the Nasdaq Stock Market.
Germany dodges recession with growth in first quarter
Syria military police chief defects to rebels
The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.
Obama renews offer to cut social safety net in big budget deal: aide
a bombing occurred in afghanistan but police have not yet stated who is responsible.
A person is standing in front of a building holding aloft some plywood
A boy is crawling into a dog house.
Syrian forces launch new attacks
10 dead, five injured in SW China road accident
One idea that's been going around at least since the 80s is that you can distinguish between Holds and Moves.
Yvette Cooper backs gay marriage bill
Hajj to go ahead despite crane collapse, officials vow
As you can see from this map on the Wals.info site, there are many.
A bus is on a road with a ferris wheel in the background.
Two puppies are playing with each other.
A group of girls on a beach.
nicaragua commemorated the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution.
Not counting energy prices, wholesale prices were down 0.9 percent.
Cambodian opposition rejects Hun Sen election win
Tamerlan Tsarnaev buried in Virginia
A woman is walking on an open ground with a pet dog as some other dogs follow them.
I agree with Kate Sherwood, you should be able to attribute most quotes these days by simple fact checking.
A girl is dancing in a cage.
Algerian president in France for medical tests
A small dog laying on the bed.
A man asleep in a chair holding a baby.
A tan and white dog runs through water.
A woman is slicing meat.
Mr. Bush did not discuss this when he issued a brief statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and saying, "Our journey into space will go on."
I would look at this: U.S.
A woman peels shrimp.
Investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged.
Israel criticizes Palestinian stance on settlers
A boy riding on a swing.
their great wealth is protected by the govt.
Yes, but it does not stay in the same constellation.
In other markets, U.S. Treasuries started off on Monday weaker, as stocks rose early.
A man removes a couple of toaster scrambles from a plastic packet.
Iranian president calls for new nuclear talks
Several people are sitting around a fire at night.
A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls.
Romney names Ryan as running mate
The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock.
I have the same situation and have traveled extensively.
Someone is cutting a tomato.
A black headed sheep covered in thick white wool stands in a pasture with other sheep.
Australian among four on plane missing in Indonesia
Bangladesh building collapse death toll passes 1,000
The dogs are chasing a cat.
A person is scrubbing a zucchini.
China detains 7 for "house sister" scandal
The man is dancing.
A guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air.
Islam has always been political.
Live Blog: Iraq In Turmoil
Egypt court temporarily releases Mubarak over illicit gains
Mursi sworn in as Egyptian president
The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's 2001 application to sell Erbitux, citing shoddy research.
To train yourself to use keyboard shortcuts, unplug your mouse for a few days.
A girl riding on a brown and white horse.
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.
Tornadoes hit Kan., Okla.; no injuries reported
iguaran stated that the detainees were also involved in the murders of police members of an anti-kidnapping group.
A man cuts an onion.
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.
Spain approves new restrictive abortion law
Spain's jobless claims hit new high
US stock futures edge up ahead of jobs report
The redesigned Finder also features search, coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and UNIX file servers.
Trailblazing Israeli electric car company to fold
A man puts a knife in a vice.
Saudi airstrikes in Yemen's capital kill 29
Everyone else at the current prosperity level of Mexico.
Women are dancing.
president dmitry medvedev's statement was posted on the kremlin website and carried in full by state news agencies.
A man is kicking oots of water.
Bahraini protesters and police clash after funeral
Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $21.49, up 78 cents, or 3.8 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.
The show's creator and executive producer, Phil Rosenthal, quipped in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.
Two mountain goats grazing in front of an alpine lake.
A man puts three pieces of meat into a pan.
Obama, Romney Prepare for First Debate
Two brown dogs are running on the sand.
Panetta says Afghanistan role to shift from combat in 2013
China ‚Äėwill protect interests‚Äô of foreign business
North Korea shuns offer of talks
The rapper's lawyer, Mark Gann, didn't return calls for comment.
the attacks are believed to have come from russian administration ip addresses in response to the relocation of a soviet statue in estonia.
Senators can return to playoffs with victory
ISAF soldier killed in Afghan 'insider attack'
Obama holds out over Syria strikes
A white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow.
You should just ask your boss what he wants you to do.
U.S. has determined Syria used chemical weapons
A woman is taking a bath.
District Superintendent J. Chester Floyd told reporters Monday that McCrackin will be reassigned within the district.
Jeff Bezos Bets $250 Million on Reviving Washington Post
A man holds on to a handle in the water.
Hillary Clinton, the New York senator and former first lady, has a book out Monday titled Living History.
U.S. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $17 million in a continuing crackdown on Internet fraud and abuse.
Rebels kill 21 civilians in Syria Alawite village
A woman is rock climbing.
To paraphrase a common saying, "One man's weed is another man's lawn".
Brazil's 'pop-star priest' gets mammoth new stage
Hijacked aircraft lands in Geneva
Obama Praises Mandela 'Inspiration'
In a regulatory filing, EDS said the SEC had asked for information related to its troubled IT outsourcing contract with the US Navy.
Suspected US drone targets Islamic seminary in Pakistan
32 die in Bangladesh protest
Front and left side of a red double decker bus.
Suicide bomber kills 10 in Pakistan
A man walking his cow down the side of the road.
Someone is stirring chili in a kettle.
"Further testing is still under way, but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive," the specialist said yesterday.
A man and a woman talk in a diner.
It has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points.
The 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released Wednesday by Statistics Canada says living standards have improved but still lag for the Inuit and those who leave their often impoverished reserves.
A girl jumps on a car.
Under the program, US officials work with foreign port authorities to seek out high-risk cargo before it can reach the United States.
But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right.
German court weighs delay to euro fund ruling
A person is cutting an onion.
Rouhani leads in initial Iran count
A man is walking with several dogs.
The girl sat on the couch to crochet.
a man plays his white guitar.
Others with such a status are Egypt, Israel, and Australia.
Analysts had forecast second quarter sales of $614 million, according to the Thomson First Call Web site.
Strong quake jolts most parts of Pakistan
A bird sits in a tree.
A woman poses with a baby.
Oracle Corp's Chairman and CEO Larry Ellison didn't rule out sweetening the company's unsolicited offer to acquire rival PeopleSoft Inc.
Cisco executives were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but said they remained ``cautiously optimistic'' about a rebound.
Indefinite articles developed from numerals, and the definite articles developed from demonstratives.
And until they decide that, "the statute is presumed constitutional."
Nerves Calmed -- For Now : Markets Jump on Relief over Spanish Bank Bailout
St. Bernard dog running in the snowy field.
At the Casa de Espaa, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off.
The department's position threatens to alienate social conservatives, who have provided strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush.
Egypt's opposition criticizes president's speech
Not so Super Tuesday for Mitt Romney
Several SUVs parked on residential streets in Monrovia were tagged with ``ELF'' and other slogans, said Sgt. Tom Wright.
Dotson, 21, was arrested and charged on July 21 after reportedly telling authorities he shot Dennehy after Dennehy tried to shoot him.
Afghan president approves new electon law
Boston bombing suspect to appear in court
Tropical Storm Joyce forms, stays in open Atlantic
The most common side effects after getting the nasal spray were nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough.
A man with a bicycle at a coffee house.
The company is also adding .Net and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment development toolset, Sapp said.
Mall attackers used 'less is more' strategy
Three little girls are sitting on the grass.
Kerry Calls On UN Security Council to Act on Syria
A kid is playing guitar.
Elementary Commodity-Capital Value-Form .
Three guys in speedos have their feet up on the railing of a boat getting a tan.
Saudi women drive in protest with little problem
A man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle
China strives to avoid economic traps
Both men are being held for investigation of administrative immigration violations.
A turtle is walking underwater.
"I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately," he said.
The estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.75 a share.
INTEL TODAY disclosed details of its next-generation XScale processor for mobile phones and handheld devices here in San Jose.
Israel braces for Arab protests
The mother also contended that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the 1998 confrontation.
Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands abdicates in favour of son
The witness, a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant with criminal convictions for dishonesty, was paid 10,000 by the News of the World.
In 2006, Asia Pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $81.8 billion.
I think it's a bad idea.
Three more US soldiers killed in Afghanistan
He and his colleagues attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time.
"I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it's not our proposal, but I'm not responding to it in a negative way," he said.
At least 89 dead in China earthquakes
If it's a Bill Gates Comdex keynote, it must be time for new Tablet PCs.
A jury convicted rapper C-Murder, also known as Corey Miller, of second-degree murder Tuesday night in the shooting death of a 16-year-old in a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
Four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach.
The prices for everything you need have gone up due to inflation.
Childcare 'costing £15,000 a year'
A man lays on the ground and aims a rifle.
A person cuts ginger.
Furthermore I found this: So I actually read the OP and guess what I found out.
Chairman of British no-frills airline easyJet to step down
Shares of Halliburton fell 71 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $21.59 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.
The girl has something on her head.
You can write the book in any way you choose, as long as it works for you.
5 Taliban, 5 Afghan police killed in ambushes
We are meant to move.
A pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag.
I've never accused him of over-milligraming, nothing.
putin stated that russia could discard the treaty entirely if western nations refuse to ratify its amended version.
Iran arrests several spies near nuclear plant
The workers accuse General Dynamics of "reverse age discrimination" because of a change in retirement benefits in 1997.
Some people are throwing a dummy off a cliff.
Golf: Westwood takes lead in Dubai Desert Classic
Health Minister Manto-Tshabalala Msimang is not fit to preside over an anti-retroviral treatment rollout plan, according to some opposition parties.
A woman serving volleyballs over a net.
A baby panda plays with a stick.
TThe girl is standing in front of the open door of the bus.
The 14-year-old national spelling finalist who attends school in Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during competition Wednesday.
The people had awakened.
Israeli air strikes kill 16 in Gaza
Two brown dogs chase each other in the snow.
A man is standing in water near a waterfall.
A person pours oil on a skillet.
Still, he noted Miami must decide whether to seek ACC membership for the next school year by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
Even though the question has been answered I would like to add my answer .
A young boy is practicing his karate in a gym.
A man dives into a swimming pool.
How do you do that?
Thailand: Iranians planned to attack Israelis
Egypt to hold more talks with IMF on loan next week
This doesn't answer your question, but:
It generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue in the year's first half, 53 percent of Citigroup's totals.
US Senate confirms Janet Yellen as US Federal Reserve chief
Two Palestinians die in attacks on Israelis ahead of Kerry visit
The important thing I try to remember is just to pay attention.
kamynin said there will be an exchange of opinions on topical international and regional matters based on a joint working relationship at the heart of the un.
Richard Miller remained hospitalized after undergoing a liver transplant, but his wife has recovered.
"Would you like to wear your seatbelt?"
Armstrong steps down from Livestrong
He too notified Captain Lord.
In an interview, Ms. Healey, who is a criminologist, said many lawmakers here and across the country shared a wariness toward capital punishment.
Dynes will be paid $395,000 a year; Atkinson's salary is $361,400.
Low reps with high weights don't add mass because the duration of the exercise is kept short.
An old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace.
A crew of workers working on a railroad track.
Destruction of Syria's chemical weapons begins
@sozobe, I think Santorum's more likely than Gingrich.
Tito Barbini, a regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy, criticized the absence Tuesday in Sacramento.
The latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting; they were forecasting claims to fall no lower than 410,000 for last week.
Chinese stocks higher at midday Friday
People are sitting around dimly lit tables while smiling and laughing.
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports of dead blue jays and crows, Jayroe said.
Bombings kill 9 people in Iraqi capital
Arkansas Justices Strike Down Death Penalty
Two Indian woman stand with two Indian girls on a beach.
And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.
Obama declares health care law is working
A white motorcycle is being ridden around a race track.
How exactly are they being punished?
amending regulations on dual-use nuclear technology will prevent nuclear terrorism.
Egypt Army Launches New Air Raids on Sinai Militants
Exit polls suggest Putin ally wins Moscow vote
Algerian national turnout of parliamentary vote reaches 44.38 pct
Australian PM confident sounds are from Flight 370
You can put her toys near her or give he toys to her.
This was too long for a comment, so I am posting it as a CW-answer.
Rev's Early Reads: March 2
Pingeon said an attorney for his organization, Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, interviewed Assan Tuesday.
physicist danilov was convicted of selling classified information on space technology to china.
Dark colored dog standing in grassy field.
President Xi: China to continue help to fight Ebola
Man arrested after police officer shot in Leeds
China stocks open lower on Wednesday
Palestinians: 12 killed in IDF strike in northern Strip
Commodity Expanded Value-Form, .
Prior to joining Kodak, Palumbo worked for Procter & Gamble Corp., where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo.
Two dogs are running in a grassy field
Beta versions of Nterprise Linux Services are expected to be available on certain HP ProLiant servers in July.
A dog is trying to eat the bacon on its back.
Yes, there is a rule against this.
The cat is attacking a corn husk broom.
One word: Zombies Has Annie ever used her sexuality like that?
At least 12 killed in Nigeria church bombing
Vinnie Jones reveals he has skin cancer
UK's Ex-Premier Margaret Thatcher Dies At 87
Red and white plane flying through the air.
Syrian forces bombard Homs, Russia warns of civil war
19 hurt in New Orleans shooting
A woman is chopping a potato.
Particularly after stating that marriage is a fundamental human right.
A skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall.
The FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on the Washington Times report.
Marcel Desailly, the France captain and Chelsea defender, believes the latter is true.
A boy is talking to a giant dog.
One, Capt. Doug McDonald, remained hospitalized in critical condition on Thursday.
French Fear New Serial Killer After Murders
Your pile will compost without turning it, but it goes faster if you turn it.
I think it is okay to ask the question.
Man standing in front of silver train.
Philippines recovering after powerful typhoon
Halliburton Q1 profits rise on strong North America sales
Obama, Romney prepare to debate
Gunmen Kill 11 Foreign Tourists in Pakistan
Hurricane Sandy Closes in on US East Coast
spain currently holds the rotating presidency of the osce.
A woman is cutting a red pepper.
3 dead, 27 injured in SW China accident
A man and woman are dancing in rain.
A man is adding a silencer to a gun.
A man cuts up potatos.
KEDO Spokesman, Roland Tricot said: "The executive board decided to refer this question to capitals.
Bird sitting on a log in a lake.
He said FDA hopes Congress and the courts will bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers — perhaps before the 2004 elections.
adherence to non-proliferation obligations will enhance mutual trust and foster international cooperation in nuclear energy.
the russian foreign ministry stated that russia has not suspended dialogue.
Heavy smog hits north China city, flights cancelled
A guy is sitting on the couch watching TV
Young couple sitting on couch.
Man arrested on suspicion of murder after stabbing in Suffolk
One killed, 40 injured in Mexico candy factory blast
Aristotle didn't put the world at the center of the universe per se.
A woman is placing skewered food onto a cooker.
MONY shares rose 8.76 per cent to $31.90 in after-hours trading in New York.
But Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said: ''Mention the word prohibition and everyone knows what happened there.
It also features a 4.5 in back-lit LCD screen and memory expansion facilities.
Baseball players playing a game at the park.
Doctors said that one or both of the boys may die and that if they survive, some brain damage is possible.
A man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture.
Secret Service sex scandal 'regret'
The lady measured the other woman's ankle.
The AAVSO data seems to indicate that it might have already peaked, at around 10.5 (visual).
There are quite a few things you would need to do;
A woman is applying eye shadow.
Thai army declares martial law
Another 152,054 are from IP services company NTT/Verio, and 129,378 from InfoSpace, the survey found.
Philadelphia's council is not the first to defy the national policy.
White cat sitting inside of a sink.
At least 18 killed in North Caucasus train station blast
Germany warns Greece: No more money without reforms
A man is laying on the floor holding a baby up above him.
The cradle for the h2200 has space for recharging a second battery.
Carney sets high bar to change at BoE
In early U.S. trading, the euro <EUR=> was down 0.6 percent to $1.1741, after rising to a four-month high of $1.1860.
A black dog stands in the middle of a construction site.
The Supreme Court said Monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters, rejecting librarians' complaints that the law amounts to censorship.
------ ----------- What do we get in return for doing the fighting for them?
The white dog runs through the ocean.
Two dogs playing on the shore.
A dog running across the sand
A woman is adding ingredients to a skillet.
A man is eating a banana by a tree.
Iran 'cautiously optimistic' about future nuclear talks
Singapore reported no suspected SARS cases Wednesday, but officials quarantined 70 people who had contact with the Taiwanese patient.
A white animal running through snow covered woods.
The next court session will be when the three-judge tribunal announces its verdict in mid-February.
S.Korea proposes 'final' N.Korea talks over Kaesong
6.3-magnitude earthquake hits Taiwan
KL shares remain higher mid-afternoon
Egyptians vote to pick president for first time
A crowd of men wearing paper numbers on their shirts run in a race.
Buy a 3 panel screen and use it to separate the work area from the sleeping area.
She was a great lady.
Israeli forces detain Palestinian MP in Hebron
Statement by the spokesperson of the EU High Representative, Catherine Ashton, on the resumption of executions in Iraq
"But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing."
Zipf’s law, as I understand it, is not really about languages, but about statistics and probability.
A boy running through green grass.
Could be a lot of things.
A dog licks a baby.
The monkey swung from branch to branch.
You can have a look at the arXiv cultoromics website at http://arxiv.culturomics.org, which however searches in articles on the arXiv.
a group of surfers catching a wave
The girl sang into a microphone.
A boy plays a handheld game.
Man convicted in Vatican leaks case
Soccer Ref Punched by Player Dies
A group of people sitting around a table with food on it.
A cat is playing.
The dog is standing at the counter.
You do not need a transit visa, but to enter Zurich you will need a visa.
A man is running with a bus.
Two men are helping a boy.
In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $43.67.
Nine Pakistani troops killed in militant ambush
I AM OK WITH MEDICAL USE!!
7 killed, 3 injured in south China road accident
The man sang on stage into the microphone.
The study also found that consumer goods advertisers continued to spend the most dollars online, representing 35% of all Web advertising.
Small boy lying on his stomach on the grass.
Well I wouldn't risk it, not in a cold compost system.
A white curly haired dog runs with a stick in it's mouth.
Pope Benedict XVI departs Vatican for last time
The weather service reported maximum sustained winds of nearly 105 miles an hour with stronger gusts.
The man is drawing.
Earthquake death toll rises to 260
At 11 a.m. (1500 GMT), the 10-year note US10YT=RR was up 11/32 for a yield of 3.36 percent from 3.40 percent Wednesday.
Four children looking at barn animals.
Named in the complaint were former chief executive officers Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril.
Egypt braces for more protests, prays for calm
fan stated the commission will ensure the commitments are upheld once the investments are under way.
Up to 50 dead in Spanish train crash
Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent, the biggest decline since July 1986.
Belgian Prime Minister sends condolences to victims
@edgarblythe, So Lyndon Johnson and John Kennedy were compatible?
syria denies having an undeclared nuclear program.
Toys R Us waives fee for layaway program
Tornadoes rip through Midwest, killing 6 and devastating neighborhoods
The WHO has said the Singapore case did not fit its profile of SARS and was "not an international public health concern."
Syria deploys more troops despite peace deal
It is perfectly okay to ask for the figure knowing well that the other person may not give.
US Senator McCain meets opposition leaders in Ukraine
US drone strike kills 8 in NW Pakistan
Gunman who held suburban Atlanta firefighters hostage now dead, police say
Stolen skulls found in home museum
Aug. 15, 1982: Remains of Chapman, Hinds and Mills are found in the Green River.
A tiger is walking around his cage.
A small plane parked at an airfield with a cloudy sky overhead.
I had this same situation.
A dining table with candles, wine, and a teapot.
The man helps the boy ride a bike.
the cfe is 1 of several issues negatively impacting russia's relations with the united states and europe.
SC dismisses govt's review petition on Vodafone tax verdict
Researchers found the fossils in a semidesert area of Venezuela, about 250 miles west of Caracas.
Jay Fishman, 51, chairman and chief executive of St Paul, will be chief executive of the combined company.
A clown is singing and people are dancing.
A man wearing a dust mask riding a three wheeled bicycle.
According to the report, average life expectancy has increased by nearly two years since 1990.
"We put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching process, probably later than we should have and now we're just gaining incredible speed.
He later found out the alarming incident had been caused by Concorde's powerful sonic boom.
Two women sitting outside laughing.
His position is that it is the individual's risk to assume.
Wells' other series include NBC's "ER" and "Third Watch."
A man is chopping a log with an axe.
It has never been ejaculated on as far as I know.
Civilians Bear Brunt of Afghan Attacks
The foundations of South Africa are built on Nelson Mandela's memory
Edie Falco was not nominated for "Frankie and Johnny."
The dog carrying a long stick in its mouth.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.
A person is playing an electronic keyboard.
the uk agreed to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jets in a deal worth an estimated 8 billion pounds (approximately 13.9 billion us dollars) to the uk defense company bae systems.
Egypt: Muslim Brotherhood deputy head arrested
The lady cut the tail and body of a shrimp.
A man is opening a box and taking out paper.
7.2-magnitude quake hits Pakistan: CENC
voted Voted It's definitely NOT what it used to be.
Indian stocks open higher
Canada train plot suspects reject charges
Lacey - welcome back!
Egypt shuts down Muslim Brotherhood newspaper
What we know so far about chemical weapons in Syria's civil war
U.S. District Judge William Barbour said he imposed the maximum because Avants showed no remorse.
Once you open it up to toxins, the answer is clearly no, boiling is not enough.
Cuban officials said that last year none of about two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas in time to attend the Latin Grammys.
A dog lies on his back on a wooden floor.
Mumbai police arrest fifth suspect in gang-rape case
NATO protesters convicted on non-terrorism charges
Black and white cows grazing in a pen.
A man is cutting bread.
Would he be better for American society?
Iran President Hassan Rouhani wants nuclear deal in months
A gray cat is sitting on the window ledge looking at the camera.
A crowd of people stand on a rural road, a field behind them, a forest in front.
General Electric posts 9% profit drop for third quarter
iran insists that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes
the cfe treaty is a key european arms control treaty.
While Queen may refer to both Queen regent (sovereign) or Queen consort, the King has always been the sovereign.
Seven Filipinos slain in Yemen attack
Eurozone debt crisis is over, says France's President
A girl wearing a red blouse riding a brown horse.
Israeli army kills Palestinian militant in raid
A baseball player throws the ball.
Myanmar Struggles to Finalize Voter Lists for Sunday Polls
RF FM urges Syrian opposition to assist in immediate release of all foreigners captured in Syria
the police officers surrounded the slums north of rio de janeiro to rid them of violent drug traffickers and seize weapons and drugs.
Helicopter crashes into roof of Glasgow club
China’s new carrier extends military modernization drive
U.S., EU Cautiously Welcome Iran's Proposal To Restart Nuclear Talks
The priest, the Rev. John F. Johnston, 64, of 35th Avenue in Jackson Heights, was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon.
NATO says four troops killed in "insider" attack in Afghan south
russia would not hesitate to increase military strength along russian borders if the need arises.
two young girls hug each other in the grass.
A woman is drinking vodka.
A black dog running along the edge of the ocean.
A person is cleaning a disk.
A woman splashes around in the ocean's waves.
MP Sachin Tendulkar says no to govt bungalow
Prairie dogs sold as exotic pets are believed to have been infected in an Illinois pet shop by a Gambian giant rat imported from Africa.
A man in red swim trunks playing volleyball.
Israeli, Palestinian negotiators meet in Jordan
Intel on Wednesday unveiled its next-generation processor for cell phones, PDAs, and other wireless devices.
Israel detains 37 Palestinians as arrest operation continues
A dog is riding on a bicyclists shoulders.
A silver bicycle is parked in a living room.
A dog with a red leash still attached chases over the grass toward a tennis ball.
Bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not on the facts, Mahendradatta told Reuters.
There is no freedom of religion.
Strauss-Kahn investigated in French prostitution ring
The back of the stop sign is adorned with stickers.
U.S. soldiers killed about two dozen suspected Taliban militants in southern Afghanistan after their convoy came under attack, the military said Sunday.
"It has outraged the membership," said Rian Wathen, organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.
A lion is playing with people.
Curiosity Rover Celebrates 1 Year on Mars
New sex claim hits Secret Service
a dog trots through the grass.
"The executive board decided to refer this to the capitals," the Korean Energy Development Organization said.
Aussie surfers find stricken asylum seekers
A man is playing an acoustic guitar and singing into a microphone.
US Says Chemical Weapons Used in Syria
In 2006, the group says the market will rebound 29.6 percent to $21.3 billion in sales.
A small yellow boat sitting on a tropical beach.
Ukraine offers unilateral ceasefire
Two females jump off of swings.
Philippines, rebels reach wealth-sharing deal
I guess it depends on what you're going to do.
Yes, you should make a résumé.
10 Things to Know for Today
No it does not affect your ratings.
The people got off the train.
Three people preparing to canoe.
a girl is talking on her phone.
She countersued for $125 million, saying G+J broke its contract with her by cutting her out of key editorial decisions and manipulated the magazine's financial figures.
Gazans fire four rockets into Israel; no injuries
A woman is mixing food in a bowl.
He playfully chided the Senate's "little bitty tax relief plan."
A leather couch and wooden table in a living room.
4 Chinese among Nigeria plane crash victims
South Africa admits possible 'mistake' over deaf signer at Mandela memorial
A woman boils eggs.
A man is erasing a chalk board.
Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.
Kiernan testified that Seifert had received a gunshot wound to the back.
Palestinian prisoners to end hunger strike
He said he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right, in both foreign and domestic policy.
A man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture.
It's much better to ask.
The new study shows that the Titanic story does not stand up to scrutiny imo.
Woman dies riding roller coaster at Texas amusement park
People are playing baseball.
"Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin (news - web sites) and President Bush (news - web sites)."
Five greyhounds are racing on a sand track.
The bird ate the food in the tree from a bowl.
Syria fighting rages as Russia urges Western re-think
Thousands rally to support embattled Tunisia government
East Timor bans martial arts clubs amid killings
Here is an interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related injuries.
They reported symptoms of fever, headache, rash and muscle aches.
Iranian minister blames West for failed nuke talks
Another person, a man from Fort Worth, Texas, also was missing.
I'd say you need to distract yourself from the bigger picture.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR lost 16/32, taking its yield to 4.20 percent from 4.18 percent.
A boy in a red sled is riding down the hill.
EU jobless hits fresh record
kashmir is claimed by both india and pakistan.
The Note's Must Reads for Wednesday July 4, 2012
A dog runs through a field.
Gunmen kill female politician in Pakistan
Animals are playing in water.
Childcare costs rise by nearly 6%
A green car parked outside the saloon.
Wall Street moved tentatively higher Tuesday as investors weighed a trio of reports showing modest economic improvement against an urge to cash in profits from Monday's big rally.
A man is drawing on a digital dry erase board.
Ukrainian Prime Minister resigns amid protests
a visit to libya by the russian foreign minister was announced.
A white bird with long orange legs standing by a lake.
I started to dig into this because you caught my curiosity itch with the question...
A black and white dog playing in the sand.
Kentucky: Republican Ernie Fletcher, a three-term House member, is battling Democratic state Attorney General Ben Chandler.
Ahmadinejad may face charges over election appearance
Protesters clash with police in Caracas
Two boxers are in the ring.
A man is loading a rifle.
An embolism in a medical context refers to any large moving mass or defect in the blood stream.
Pakistanis vote in landmark election
A golden colored dog jumps around in the grass while holding a stick in its mouth.
Britain reaches out to Syria opposition
Four dogs play in the snow with the city skyline behind them.
A group of people living in the desert
The men are playing a guitar and having a drink.
The white dog is running along the beach.
Hong Kong stocks open 0.62 pct higher
Foxes are eating from a plate.
Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 135.92/6.04 yen against the late New York level of 136.03/14.
Conmen dressed as women steal cash
A man drills a hole in a piece of wood.
Two green and white trains are sitting on the train track.
A hockey player looks intently downward.
A wet child shivers under a towel at a pool.
Democrats dominate the Assembly while Republicans control the Senate.
A woman is pouring oil in a bowl.
Mitt Romney wins Maryland GOP primary
The man is playing the drums for his mom.
Many towns and villages took their name from the ruling family, the owners of the village.
A group of male construction workers repair railroad tracks on a cloudy day
The boy is lying on a couch with a puppy.
cyber attacks are considered a growing threat to military and civilian computer networks.
US senators penalize Pakistan for jailing doctor who aided CIA
A person is writing.
World‚Äôs largest building opened in west China
Warmer , almost certainly a record.
A man is drawing a picture.
myanmar has a military junta.
A monkey pushes another monkey.
Ramblin' Rose by Nat King Cole We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
A man puts pieces of meat into a plastic bag.
Egyptians Voting on New Constitution
8 dead after heavy rains on island of St Vincent
Polls open in Russian presidential election
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.
I don't think there are any benefits.
South Sudan accuses Sudan of bombings ahead of talks
A slow lori walks around.
A group of men playing soccer in a stadium full of people.
Penn State football slammed with NCAA sanctions
A cat looking at the camera.
An airplane moves along a runway.
A person breaks an egg into a small bowl.
A man is standing on one feet on a bridge.
Iran reiterates support for Iraq, Syria
Pictures of the day: 11 April 2013
Singapore shares open lower on Monday
Key wants Waitangi marae visit to stay
Two men are playing football.
I've done this many dozens of times.
Police abandon posts in Lesotho, fear for lives
Another migrant ship capsizes off Italy
Obama urges Europe to act quickly on crisis
Volume was moderate at 827.68 million shares, up from 798.95 million at the same point Tuesday.
A side view of a horse's head.
A bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background.
Peregrine sold its Remedy business unit to BMC Software in November for $355 million.
Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water.
The men are performing on stage.
A cat is playing the piano.
the accord said that there were no remaining issues and ambiguities regarding iran's nuclear program and activities.
A doubly decker red bus driving down the road.
NATO Soldier Killed In Afghan Attack
Thomas was joined in full by Rehnquist, and in parts by O'Connor and Scalia.
The tennis player hit the ball into outer space and broke the death star.
Other countries and private creditors are owed at least $80 billion in addition.
Fire destroys Tibetan town in China
Six dogs running on the sandy beach.
I hope everything is OK!
The man is outside in the field.
Train in a station.
Would you be concerned with the mind changing if he wasn't shouting and/or misbehaving?
The new sensor -- dubbed CANARY for ''cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields'' -- hijacks this natural process with two important changes.
A ferret and kitten play together.
Sectarian clashes rock Lebanese city, 3 killed
With the power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning.
In fact, you can remove pretty much and preserve grammaticality if you don't care about preserving meaning.
It depends on your company.
indian defense ministry has increased defense spending for new purchases by 33 percent.
South Africa Admits Mistake Over 'Schizophrenic' Mandela Signer
The white and brown dog is running quickly through the grass.
Ankeet Chavan granted conditional bail for marriage
Out of touch and completely untrustworthy, however, wouldn't.
Uganda's President Museveni agrees to sign anti-gays Bill
Muslims in hiding as sectarian ...
ISRAELI soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny West Bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a US-backed Mideast peace plan.
A man is cutting cucumbers.
elbaradei stated that this is the last chance to build security in the middle east based on trust and cooperation and not on possession of nuclear weapons.
Syrian opposition in reconciliation talks
Eurozone avoids recession in Q1, thanks to Germany
The first have covers both been more responsible and told you in that sentence.
French forces take key Mali town
The new policy gives greatest weight to grades, test scores and a student's high school curriculum.
Landon And So This is Christmas We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
They produce nothing I can eat, wear, live in.
The issue is that it never becomes useful in its true meaning.
A small dog wearing a pink shirt tied to a railing.
A machine is sharpening a pencil.
One woman hands volleyballs to another woman who serves them.
The company has publicly identified Linux as one of its biggest competitive threats.
Kerry plan to include prisoner release, settlement freeze
Nationally, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recorded 4,156 cases of West Nile, including 284 deaths.
A woman is cutting up a chicken.
Th answer to you problem is that you dont actually know what you're getting in .
A man is taking out the insides of a green pepper.
"We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue," the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
It is impossible to answer this question without a form check.
Brazil's Congress approves internet legislation
He also recruited other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered.
Western powers scramble to befriend Modi
Two German tourists, two pilots killed in Kenya air crash
On health care, the NDP says there will be no privatization and no health-care premiums.
GlaxoSmithKline, the UK drugmaker, has said it would cut off supplies to Canadian stores shipping drugs to the US.
Syrian airstrikes kill at least 18 in Aleppo
This led to the recovery of the 270-kilogram Cancuen altar, announced on Wednesday by the Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society.
A grey dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field.
Tropical Storm Karen weakens as it nears U.S. Gulf Coast
Red panda‚Äôs short-lived zoo escape
I have  years of "Neener Neener" rights they are crack ups.
a black and white photo of a cat lying down.
The rear view of a red Chevrolet concept car.
Young woman in riding gear on top of horse.
A cat is licking itself.
"The European Union is basically absent," said Tito Barbini, regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy.
Two dogs are playing on the grass.
Iraq army fights to retake Tikrit
South Africans Mourn as Mandela Buried
A dog is running around a yard.
A white bus partially in the snow on a public street.
Three dogs run in the snow.
A little girl holds a wooden stick.
Cabinet at war over arming Syrian rebels
The bomb exploded while authorities waited for a bomb squad to arrive.
What is your definition of "life"?
Palestinian president assigns academic to form West Bank gov't
A woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach.
Russia has no intention to incorporate southeastern Ukraine: FM
It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Detective Chief Inspector Norman McKinlay, leading the investigation, said: "There is evidence a body or bodies have been in this area.
It looks to me that this is set up for what you want:
There is a black and white sheep standing on the grass.
World Cup live: France 0-0 Germany
Obama lashes North Korea as weak ‚Äėpariah state‚Äô
A man is holding huge sunflowers.
I purport to value human life very highly.
A man spins on a surf board.
Arkansas Supreme Court strikes down execution law
You should, but you don't have to.
Two kids are walking on a path in the woods.
News Summary: Apple buying AuthenTec for $356M
A young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board.
A kitten is drinking milk.
The operating revenues were $1.45 billion, an increase over last year's result of $1.38 billion.
south korea and israel oppose proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and an arms race.
Iran may cut oil exports to more EU states
'War crime': U.N. finds sarin used in Syria chemical weapons attack
Syrian forces hit mosque with barrel bomb, kill 5
In Hinduism and Buddhism there is message of peace and an encouragement to not be materialistic.
Nigeria plane crash: No survivors
Earlier, Bashir's supporters had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar (God is Greatest)" as he walked to his seat.
California wildfire grows but officials say fire crews making progress
Seamus Heaney, Irish poet and Nobel winner, dies at 74
Aye but they ARE responsible to their constituents.
It probably depends on the cut of meat.
Sudanese police block protest at human rights commission
Indonesia: Death toll rises to 11 in Indonesia boat capsize
Israeli ex-spy boss: no trust in leadership over Iran – video
there is much concern over the drug.
A woman in a blue bathing suit is jumping off a dock into a lake.
Deadly Blast Rocks Coal Mine in East Ukraine
A red and white plane flying on a sunny day.
Bomb kills three in northwest Pakistan
A man is finding something.
U.N. to take up Syria resolution
France Welcomes US-Russia Deal on Syria
get a cooling trend from  because of the recent decline.
The key thing you need to do in this meeting is listen.
Nevada is where the most women smoke, 28 percent.
How much do you know about Secret Service?
A black and white photo of a bicycle.
Zimmerman says that he was sucker punched by his car.
He attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time; patients cited discomfort discussing financial issues.
US man recovers car 42 years after theft
Murder claim over Diana's death New information which has been passed to the police relating to the deaths of Princess Diana and Dodi Fayed is thought to include an allegation that they were murdered
Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally on handover anniversary
A woman in a blue dress cuts a cake.
a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street
DeVries, who was voluntarily castrated in August 2001, has said the surgery took away his ability to become sexually aroused.
A man is eating wood.
Pak missions in UAE gear up for elections
Two baby kittens are sitting inside a cow-schemed, fur-covered dome.
Meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person's spinal cord and around the brain.
A dog is barking at an electronic toy duck.
The man used a machine to chop up a potatoe.
Israel's Peres urges return to peace talks
Tamil parties blame the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) for these killings.
A dog is speaking to the camera.
A man cracks an egg.
The cat tried to eat the corn on the cob.
The results were 3 cents a share lower than the forecast of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.
A bird is perched on a person's gloved hand.
This is our country.
Does this answer your questions?
Chiron has acceptances from holders of nearly 20 percent of PowderJect shares.
A polar bear is chasing a group of walruses.
Hernandez double gives Mexico victory over Japan
A black and white dog running with something in his mouth.
If non-human animals do have intelligence too, why is their intelligence not as advanced as humans?
US Coast Guard suspends search for missing British sailors
I realized there is already an accepted answer but I figure I would add my 2 cents.
A small red car on top of a semi truck.
Venezuelan president to visit China
The Americas market will decline 2.1 percent to $30.6 billion in 2003, and then grow 15.7 percent to $35.4 billion in 2004.
Colin Powell, the Secretary of State, said contacts with Iran would not stop.
A person is folding a piece of paper.
The Dow Jones industrial average finished the day down 98.32 points at 9,011.53.
I'll Have Another wins Preakness
Pope calls for action on climate change in draft encyclical
A cat standing on tree branches.
The gate is blue.
Originally Posted by Lone Fox And it's not all Iranian related either.
From what I'm seeing it's generally accepted that most English speakers have a vocabulary size of 15000 to 20000 words.
A woman is holding a dancing baby up.
Top Asian News at 4:00 p.m. GMT
A car is parking.
The woman is slicing tofu.
Roadside bomb kills 10 Afghan civilians: police
a dog runs across the grass.
A little girl peddling a scooter.
A dog is running along the beach beside the ocean.
Two men talking in front of a plane.
"The average track error for the five-day (forecast) is 323 nautical miles.
The lady peeled the shrimp.
US: Madoff brother to plead guilty in NY in fraud
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.
Flash floods kill 58 in eastern Afghanistan
A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field.
Police using pepper spray arrested 12 people Monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit.
UK Airline Cancels 'Flytilla' Tickets on Israel Objections
A total of 17 confirmed cases of cholera were reported yesterday by the World Health Organisation in the southern Iraqi city of Basra.
Iran's nuclear negotiating team leaves for Kazakhstan
But at age 15, she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.
Gunmen kill 11 foreign climbers in Pakistan
Agribusiness: Mad cow disease found in California
The man is seasoning the sausages.
A band is singing.
Bangladesh Muslims torch Buddhist shrines, police say
Negotiators said Friday they made progress during their latest round of free-trade negotiations between the United States and five Central American countries this week in Houston.
A skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall.
A crowd of people at an outdoor event
Ecuador President Correa says no decision made on Assange asylum
One witness told the Anatolian news agency he saw the plane on fire in mid-air.
They're looking at each other!
More carriers likely in China
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX crept up 4.3 points, or 0.44 percent, to 980.52.
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped by employees; others took pictures of security-sensitive areas without anyone challenging them.
A dog sniffing the bottom of a door.
The other semifinal between Guillermo Coria of Argentina and Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands is also compelling.
Former LAPD officer sought in Irvine slayings
Two French journalists killed after Mali kidnapping
A dog is running in the snow.
"It was a brazen attempt at intimidation," said a Republican legislator who attended the meeting.
"This has been a persistent problem that has not been solved," investigation board member Steven Wallace said.
As with all natural laws, Zipf's law is an approximation.
Gold's rise pulled other precious metals higher, shunting silver to $4.81/83 an ounce from $4.77/79 last quoted in New York.
People are playing cricket.
London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters: "We condemn this raid, which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable."
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, surrendered in June; his deputy was killed in a shoot-out with Saudi forces recently.
the amnesty international report was titled indian helicopters for myanmar: making a mockery of the eu arms embargo?
Shenzhen stock indices close lower -- Oct. 31
China stocks open flat Monday
Indonesian president to visit UK
Report of two explosions at finish line of Boston Marathon
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970.
The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment (EAE) with the new mainframe.
a man wearing a grey jacket standing on the side of a street.
A badger is digging the earth.
Cause of Whitney Houston's death could take weeks
Russia releases Greenpeace doctor
In response to sluggish sales, Cisco pared spending.
What is the nuclear option?
Opening ceremony gives Olympics a rocking start
A boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins.
korobeynichev's laboratory worked with other scientific institutes.
the international atomic energy association stated that jordan has agreed to the additional measures.
If I understand you correctly, you are looking for a hypernym of inclusion and exclusion.
Obama pokes fun at critics during press dinner
Two teenagers arrested after string of sex attacks on Manchester University campus
Greek Far-Right Leader Imprisoned Pending Trial
That just isn't how legal reasoning works.
A young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air.
A girl in orange lights a candle.
Musharraf arrested in Lal Masjid case
The impact of natural-gas shortages "will touch virtually every American," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham warned yesterday.
A monkey is karate kicking at someone's gloved hand.
I am sure this is more phylosophical and ethical question than it seems.
As a result, 24 players broke par in the first round.
Kim Jong-un Executed His 'Worse Than a Dog' Uncle
Summer solstice celebrated at Stonehenge despite rain
A dog is barking at a toy.
bulgarian police arrest head of drug trafficking group.
I will advise exactly the contrary of what bravo just said in another answer : go for A !
Minister's wife's death 'unnatural'
The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.
A man is being put into an abulance.
He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.
I don't think there are likely to be any standards that address this issue specifically.
Waqar Younis back as Pakistan coach
The women are singing and dancing.
But Itar-Tass news agency said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb.
Saudi Arabia arrests suspected militants with al-Qaeda links
Chris Brown concerts cancelled new
UN Rights Chief Presses Egypt on Morsi Detention
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR rose 22/32 for a yield of 4.31 percent, versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday's close.
Operation Chaos is merely people voting.
Have you tried asking your employees?
A lady is running her dog through an agility course.
Stocks inch higher in early trading
S Korea MPs to visit Kaesong complex
People making a structure out of cards.
UN Security Council urges Yemen's Houthis to end...
"They drive around in their cars, while people are being killed 500 metres away," he said on Sunday.
Palestinian hunger striker, Israel reach deal
officers have told me its bad for you.
A dog prepares to herd three sheep with horns.
Some guy sitting on a couch watching television.
FCC chief Michael Powell presides over hearing Monday.
Genetic predisposition to cancer resistance is superior genetics.
Novice 'steered South Korea ferry'
A person is cutting some burrata cheese.
If your stick hits a guy in the face, you're getting a penalty.
Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu.
Its maker, MedImmune Inc., based in Gaithersburg, made 4 million to 5 million doses this year.
But the United States' ultimate goal was not just to topple Mr. Hussein but to stabilize the country and install a friendly government.
Colorado shooting suspect was in therapy
What if they had a personal bias?
2 dead, 2 injured in Nevada middle school shooting
India bans bulk texts after riots
A man is slicing a tomato.
Civilian, defector killed in Syria, says NGO
State interior ministry spokesman Vasant Pitke told Reuters that at least 42 people had been killed and 112 injured.
A large black and white dog is swimming in the water.
Ms Cohen Alon's lawyer, Donald Levine, confirmed she tried to sell the story in February.
india and pakistan remain outside the treaty.
A woman is cutting a squash.
You need to make up your mind.
Edward Snowden's father in Moscow
Excluding the charges, analysts, on average, expected a loss of 11 cents a share.
A quick research (1, 2) showed me that the concentration of caffeine seems to peak about 30-60mins after ingestion.
Brooks pleads not guilty to hacking charges
The router will be available in the first quarter of 2004 and will cost around $200, the company said.
Malawi confirms President Mutharika's death
A woman is slicing ginger.
How would Martin not know that that was not the case?
Egyptian court sentences Muslim Brotherhood leader to life in prison
A man is writing on a paper.
Syria missile kills 26, including 8 kids
On the one hand, there’s nothing in canon to suggest that the Time Turners could go forwards in time.
A child is riding a horse.
A skunk looks at the camera.
Two people riding their bikes on a hill.
The tortoise is walking.
4 people are riding bikes
Chuck I'd offer Iran a deal.
Half the women received a daily tablet of the combination oestrogen plus progestin while the rest were given a placebo.
Ozbus offer a 29 week tour of South America, starting and finishing in Quito.
"If you pass this bill, Big Brother will be watching you," said Rep. John Mabry, D-Waco.
bruguiere stated-- restraining extremist groups particularly across europe was becoming increasingly difficult because of how the groups are financed.
A white and black dog is running out of a yellow and orange tube.
Funeral set for Ohio shooting victim
jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit said in july 2006 that raghdad hussein and her family were living under the protection of king abdullah ii after iraq issued its
In some cases the implication could even be that Tom does not love her.
BA said the second quarter, which included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow, had been difficult.
A man is climbing a rock wall.
Two Sumo ringers are fighting each other.
A woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.
A cartoon woman dives into a pool.
two guys playing a game of baseball.
US makes case for action against Syria
An empty office chair in a cubicle.
A white bird flying up onto a tree.
A dog standing in the water.
US missiles kill 15 in Pakistan: officials
Along with chip maker Intel, the companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others.
I remained under the banyan tree, exhausted by my daily ritual of herding the cats every two hours.
Nine red and white aircraft flying in formation trailing smoke.
the conventional forces in europe treaty was signed by russian and nato members in 1990.
A cook seasons some dough.
A dog jumps over a hurdle.
To be unconsititutional means to violate the constitution.
I would not accelerate things, to avoid getting worse grades that you want.
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Sept 30
Gameday for the orioles game is frozen for me.
SpaceX Dragon Docks With International Space Station
No, don't support your weight on your arms Your hands simply aren't really made for supporting all that weight.
A group of kids are having a sleepover.
A woman is speaking in sign language.
Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertsons Inc. bargain jointly with Safeway and locked out their union workers the next day.
A woman is chopping octopus.
Mediator apologizes to Syrians for lack of peace progress
Matt Smith quits BBC's Doctor Who
Palm Wednesday announced plans to acquire Handspring, a company started by Jeff Hawkins, regarded by many as the father of the Palm handheld.
Thai opposition protesters begin Bangkok shutdown
Newark mayor saves neighbor from fire
François Hollande threatens legal action over affair claims
Suspected drug lord known as ‘El Taliban’ held in Mexico
A woman is frying something.
A man on a mountain bike going down an incline.
Afghan, US govts sign deal on controversial night raid
Explosions Near the Iranian Embassy in Beirut
A woman is brushing her feet.
The Telegraph can reveal that Sir John Stevens, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner, placed his force on its highest alert last week.
Chinese shares close lower Wednesday
The grant also funds beach testing in King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
SC dismisses govt's review plea in Vodafone tax case
Typhoon Fitow slams into southeastern China
Obama jokes about himself at reporters' dinner
Workers killed in India building collapse
Democracy has nothing to do with liberty.
. What is your definition of "life force"?
Greece bailout uncertainty weighs on global markets
Witnesses hear 'loud booms' at Boston Marathon
"I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.
A yellow bird eating fruit on a bird feeder.
Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state's congressional delegation.
No winners in a war of sanctions
The new Cold War
It would be unusual for a snake to attack a stationary person.
Israeli police clash with Palestinian protesters at sensitive Jerusalem holy site
The man is walking.
Meat is being put into a skillet.
the treaty limits deployments of tanks and troops in nato and former easter european warsaw pact countries and establishes confidence-building, transparency and cooperation measures between member
A woman is riding a donkey.
http://www.varidesk.com/ There is also the hand-made/DIY version for which you could obtain design templates for.
The group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain.
Two dogs drink water in a lake.
The offer is also subject to Goldman signing an agreement with Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by Sept. 30, it said.
Egypt interior minister survives bomb
Unrest in tense Nigeria leaves at least 95 dead
Coronation Street stars hail 'amazing' new set
I agree with Seteropere completely, "Network Science" is a very broad subject.
Oil rig spat: Beijing not to send army
So far, Georgia has been returned all but $70,000 of the money it wired.
Black pepper and white pepper are differing preparations of the fruit of the Piper nigrum plant.
"It's a huge black eye," Arthur Sulzberger, the newspaper's publisher, said of the scandal.
Two guys sit on a couch holding beers with a girl lying on their laps.
It is important to keep the story in the scope of your limit.
A woman is riding on a horse.
A group of police officers are wearing protection.
JAPAN added to growing international pressure on Burma yesterday, threatening to halt its hefty economic aid unless the military government released pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
The white and brown dog is shaking its ears.
Hi Ollie: That is absolutely amazing.
He gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America, who announced their endorsement yesterday.
China's yuan advances to 6.3103 against USD Wednesday
A woman is adding some mushrooms and liquid to a pot.
"Tomorrow at the Mission Inn, I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California.
In mathematics, we already have a database of this sort - two them, in fact, with in MathSciNet and Zentralblatt MATH.
Abbas proposed as PM in interim unity government
Security official killed in Yemen
Three men are playing chess.
Small dog sitting next to white wall.
Neander's revised version"?
arms smugglers and drug cartels must be eliminated from southeast asia.
Umm, that pretty clearly states, "the statute is presumed constitutional."
leaders from albania, bosnia and herzegowina, croatia, macedonia and serbia and montenegro met for the first time with european union leaders to pursue joining the european union.
Officials: Gaza man killed in Israeli airstrike (AP)
Costa's semifinal opponent is Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero, whom he beat in last year's final.
Egypt's interim president appoints 2 advisors
Four months later it signed a joint marketing agreement with Hewlett-Packard Co.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.
Pakistan condemns US drone strike in Shawal Area
A man is getting inside a car.
Someone is greasing a pan.
Yemen suicide attack kills 7 soldiers: officials
The best approach is play with your cat each night in the evening before bedtime.
Three women with brown hair are smiling.
Military plane crashes in south France: authorities
A long-haired man with a hat standing between two large, half-empty Coke bottles.
In Islamist-led Egypt, Coptic Church names new pope
A woman is slicing mango.
north korea denies involvement in any syrian nuclear project.
Mandela remains in hospital
A lion is pacing in a pen.
A small kitten is playing a ball.
A man is preparing a snake for cooking.
A blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow.
depending on which action furthers their loony-tunes agenda of the moment.
Six Police Officers Killed in Attacks in Dagestan
Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
Old blue and white train on tracks.
David Beckham retires from football
London Marathon observes silence for Boston bomb victims
A man in white with a wine bottle and a woman in a red turtleneck with a white vest.
Griff Rhys Jones: Mel Smith was 'a force for life'
People in a van opened fire on a pickup and SUV believed to be transporting illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.
On July 10, a team of 32 Singaporean police officers was sent to Baghdad.
Close-up of a hummingbird.
Between 1960 and 2000, however, the state's population grew by 30.4 percent to 6,080,485.
"People are obviously inconvenienced," said Dr. Jim Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
Three dogs in the snow by a fence.
Egypt seeks to lure investors ...
The boy in the green jersey plays goalie on the soccer team.
The woman is in a bathroom.
There were indeed some serious issues surrounding Kennedy's election in 1960, one of the closest elections in History.
A brown dog is running through green grass.
And yet, the Titanic story is the one that holds up to scrutiny of the evidence.
A woman is slicing up some meat.
Pakistani Taliban names new leader after drone strike
Fugitive Snowden short-listed for European rights prize
Three killed in Nigeria suicide bombers attack
The woman is styling her hair.
India Ink: Image of the Day: April 21
A man is riding on a motorcycle.
NATO Condemns Syria's Downing of Turkish Military Jet
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee
US school bans hugging
Freight train derailment, explosion prompts evacuation
A boy does skateboard tricks on a railing.
Syria opposition threatens to quit talks
A bottle of water sitting on a stone with other stones and a wall in the background.
Public employees can unionize because the law allows them to.
Croatia countdowns to joining EU
Thousands of troops to march for Jubilee
The man is talking on the phone.
drug-trafficking activity is rampant in the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula.
Gazans fire 2 rockets into Israel; no injuries
A woman leading a white horse.
the abductee support group will use the survey to press parliament to pass new laws.
the legislation is the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to its tightly controlled military and would overturn a ban on the military use of space.
Philippine quake death toll climbs to 73
RI condemns use of chemical weapons in Syria
A young boy is playing a wind instrument.
Snowden thanks Russia for asylum
House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
A 32-count indictment "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world," U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez said.
UN resolution orders Syria chemical arms destroyed
Thanks Candy for starting the thread.
OMG, "Einstein didn't go to college."
FTSE Bursa Malaysia update: 3.00pm
People are getting their clothes cleaned.
A man is cleaning the house.
Two people in snowsuits laying in the snow making snow angels
The last round of presidential elections in Russia was held on March 4th, 2012 and December 4th, 2011 for the Duma.
The European Commission, the EU's powerful executive body, described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful."
unger stated brazil's new national defense plan calls for establishing partnerships with countries including russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapons industry.
SCO changed its name to Tarantella, and Caldera later changed its name to the SCO Group.
Absolute majority always defined by the institution, or the context.
Report: Jordan biased over Palestinians from Syria
I thought it was good, and I didn't find it confusing.
Five Killed in Blasts in India
A green steam engine traveling on the railroad tracks.
It depends on how the term is used I think.
Yes, you should create a portfolio site to showcase what you can do and what you've done.
98 dead in Central African Republic after clashes
Pak army adamant on fighting the other Taleban
In real-world combat, most fire is used to suppress the enemy, not kill them.
Syria regime releases hundreds of prisoners
A yellow vested person is doing road work.
A man on a bike does a very high jump.
When fully operational, the facility is expected to employ up to 1,000 people.
Stocks to watch at close on Monday
A couple are eating a meal and talking.
Hong Kong was flat, Australia , Singapore and South Korea lost 0.2-0.4 percent.
Syrian opposition meets to choose interim PM
It was the best advance since Oct. 1, when the index gained 22.25.
a white dog running in the snow
A white jeep parked in front of a store.
The little boy is singing and playing the guitar.
A Macintosh computer sitting on the floor.
FAA lifts ban on U.S. flights to Tel Aviv
A kid is playing keyboard.
A man is talking to a woman.
Vehicles 'left burning' as smoke emits from Japan tunnel
senior fellow at the international institute for strategic studies mark fitzpatrick stated that-- the international atomic energy agency plan is superficial.
I don't think that positivism is a position of mostly leftist philosophers.
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons.
A baby elephant eats a sapling.
Breivik complains of 'ridicule'
A man is cutting a vegetable.
A women laying across two men sitting on a sofa.
A man and a woman laughing.
Apple to pay $2.65/share dividend, buy back $10B stock
Portugal-China to strengthen scientific research ties
Rolling Stones add second Hyde Park date
What the Papers Say, Nov. 20, 2013
the amnesty international report suggested that-- belgium begin immediate talks with india to prevent future sales of the alh, components or military technology to myanmar.
A dog is riding a skateboard.
Two sheep are in a field.
Michelle Wie chips Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links Championship.
the rapist was identified as hossein safarlou and had also been convicted of drug trafficking.
The man used a chopper to chop the onion.
At least 33 dead as big quake hits Pakistan
Observatory says Russian air strikes kill 45 in Syria
The woman is on her way to a date.
Against the Swiss franc the dollar was at 1.3289 francs, up 0.5 percent on the day.
A woman tosses a cat in the air, and the cat hangs off a rod on the ceiling.
EPL clubs out to avoid Champions League woes
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 21 others, the military said.
UN Condemns Ethnic Killings in South Sudan
Cyprus probes Ukraine assets
A cat is crawling under a piece of furniture on it's back.
Monty Python to reunite on stage
Charlie Rangel Censured Did anyone see the footage of this?
And, globally, the number of active probable cases has declined to 573.
Former New Mexico Gov. Richardson pressing North Korean test ban
Hi Pro and Corn: How many threads do you plan on making?
Ballmer has been vocal in the past warning that Linux is a threat to Microsoft.
A man and a woman on a bench.
A man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field.
At least two killed in southern Egypt clash
russia has ratified the amended version but the united states and other nato members have refused to do so until the russian government withdraws troops from the former soviet republics of moldova and georgia.
Taiwan's president charters plane to pay respects to Lee
It depends on what you want to be able to do.
No update on Nelson Mandela's condition
naeem m. was hanged in zabol, sistan-baluchestan province.
A lion is walking.
Kerry Welcomes Arab Plan for Israeli-Palestinian Talks
The e-mails - Oil firm asked trader about meeting with minister
A person is brushing a cat.
A woman is frying shrimp.
Texas, which has more than three times Michigan's inmate population, is treating 328 of its 16,298 infected inmates.
Son of top Muslim Brotherhood leader killed
Press Releases: Yemeni Presidential Election
A man is smoking a cigarette.
A woman is seasoning a piece of meat.
I'm writing here a few tips that can help you with motivation.
Boeing 787 Dreamliner catches fire; stock takes a beating
We're talking about angels and common pins again, right?
Wooden cabinets in kitchen.
Saturday, officials in California described Gehring as cooperative — but said he has revealed nothing about what has happened to the children.
Prince's christening a blend of old and new
A woman is writing.
Low expectations for Iran nuclear talks
A man is dancing outside.
Malaysia to extradite Iranian for attack on Israelis
Pena Nieto wins Mexico presidential vote: exit polls
Egyptologists think they may have identified the long-sought mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the ancient world's legendary beauties.
A woman dances in the rain out side.
Egyptians to vote for new president
Hagel seeks to reassure jittery Gulf allies after Iran deal
Militants attack UN as Mali hunts jihadist nightclub killers
A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.
A rat like creature is smelling around.
A dog leaps over the hurdle.
the osce meeting lasted two days.
Pakistan imposes temporary ban on 2 TV channels
A brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in it's mouth.
Authorities in Ohio, Indiana and Michigan have searched for the bodies.
Hong Kong student leaders mull protest retreat
Greek police arrest German on suspicion of spying
Deadline passes with no new Iran sanctions
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.
The attack seemed similar to attacks staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12, for which officials have also blamed al-Qaida.
A beagle walks along the calm shore.
The researchers gave copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" to the carb-cutters.
Thoughts on race relations under a black president
Mr. Bush had sought to store his papers in his father's presidential library, where they would have stayed secret for a half-century.
A large amount of penguins are heading to the ocean.
Japan's opposition party chief criticizes Abe's economic policies
Chinese president arrives in Argentina for state visit
the plan for nigeria and mozambique is the creation an electronic database for real estate.
A man sits looking at a laptop computer on a messy table.
6.8 quake in shattered Pakistan region
Is that how it works?
4 dead after boat capsizes off Florida coast
Any breed of dog can be perfectly safe or extremely dangerous.
A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in it's mouth is humping over a man's back.
North Korea cuts last ties with South by barring joint industrial park
The people are entering the plane.
Two people sitting on a dock.
Spate of Iraq attacks kill at least six
China's Peace Ark departs for the Philippines Thursday
The black and brown cow is looking at the camera.
17 govt employees killed in Pakistan bus bombing
A man is cutting a paper.
A woman poses for the camera.
A rugby player in dark gear is carrying a light colored rugby ball with arm outstretched.
zhang stated-- china opposes restricting the peaceful use of nuclear energy by non-nuclear-weapon states on the basis of non-proliferation because the peaceful use of nuclear energy is a crucial objective of the npt.
"I was in the water for about eight seconds.
@Lustig Andrei, Thank you, Lustig.
War crimes: China backs Lanka on UN resolution
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday, when Donaldson will be questioned about hedge and mutual funds.
Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski, from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania, with the fifth pick.
A boy is removing his sunglasses.
After Hughes refused to rehire Hernandez, he complained to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
Gunmen ambush police boat in Nigeria oil region
A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth.
The "more posh" words are usually Latin (occasionally Greek) in origin.
But Mr. Crosby told The Associated Press: "Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.
A bird sits in a leafless tree.
As others have mentioned, the iRobot Roomba is an excellent example of a household robot which does meaningful work.
1000 prisoners escape from Libyan jail
A person is combing a cat hair.
a siemens spokesman in germany refrained from commenting on the political aspect of the sale of the plutonium-processing facility.
Maj-Gen Jeffery said he would give his military pension to charity while he served at Yarralumla.
Two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud.
Basically, what you do is you compare each age group IQ to the standardization sample.
Prince is replacing Sanford "Sandy" Weill, who will remain Citigroup's chairman.
the center will be operational in august 2008.
Allergies to animals, particularly furry ones, can be across the board rather than species specific.
Long-haired black dog standing in grassy field.
Texas hospital worker tests positive for Ebola
Clinton warns Kenya of cost of election violence
Tens of Thousands of Ukrainians Protest in Kyiv
How long after the obliteration should it no longer bother the kid?
Two women compete in a contest.
Bomb blast rocks shopping mall in Nigeria, 12 killed
A woman wearing jeans, a dark bikini top, and a bracelet.
Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday
Swiss cast ballots on world's highest minimum wage
Gulping for air, I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean?
a train in a station.
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.
Royal sorrow over nurse's death
U.S. Drone Strike Kills 3 in Pakistan
The point you quote should say "I never said rehabilitation could never work."
IAEA, Iran to hold first nuclear talks since Rohani election
A man on a bike in mid-air
Japan’s GDP growth downgraded to annual 1.1%
Cambodian opposition leader Sam Rainsy returns to stir up election
A man with a cap and jacket walking between two large bottles.
New World Trade Centre tallest building in US
The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8 per cent, to 1700.34.
A group of people sitting around a table containing food.
A woman is squeezing a lemon.
A soccer player is kicking the soccer ball into the goal from a long way down the field.
Iranian President praises nuclear deal
A look at major terror attacks in East Africa
Mayor Joe T. Parker said late Thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred.
Gunman may have filmed school massacre
Bomb explodes at Greek shopping mall, two people injured
A man is riding a motorcycle on the highway.
At least six dead in US shooting rampage
Putin, Annan meet on Syria crisis
Senate approves Obama nominee to key appeals court
India allows Pakistan investment
defense chiefs from estonia, latvia, lithuania, germany, italy, spain and slovakia signed the agreement.
The respected medical journal Lancet has called for a complete ban on tobacco in the United Kingdom.
Gazans fire 89 rockets; cabinet approves reserve call-up
Death toll rises to 39 in Italy coach crash
There is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool.
santos stated colombian police found the evidence in 2 computers discovered with slain rebel leader raul reyes.
I believe this is perfectly acceptable and does a good job of emphasising your point.
Wittgenstein is alluding to how Russell himself solved the Paradox - the theory of ramified types.
In addition to oil, make sure the grill is nice and hot before you start cooking.
Robber steals $53 million worth of jewels in Cannes, police say
Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded.
Many people are on the beach, near a building with flags flying.
Lee Boyd Malvo will be called as a witness Wednesday in a pretrial hearing for fellow sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad.
A man is cutting a rope with a sword.
Assange appeals extradition to UK's top court
A silver and blue Amtrak train on the tracks near a small train station.
Israel bars German author Grass over poem
A man pours rice into a pot.
Egyptians vote on constitution change
A jockey riding a horse.
The man is peeling a potato.
A woman is cutting meat.
MERS respiratory illness found in U.S., officials confirm
Profiles of Kenya's presidential candidates
A woman puts a baby in a trash can.
It makes absolutely NO difference.
Kenyan police arrest key Al-Shabaab recruiter, financier
Downstream at Mount Vernon, the Skagit River was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight, Burke said.
A man is striking clay pots.
Qatar's emir hands power to his son
Rangers voted into Division Three
those who ignore history are doomed to repeat it.
A woman is slicing a meat.
A man is cutting a fish.
McGill also said a dark glove was stuffed into a hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
A tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest.
Some believe the 'right' is most important.
Japanese politician apologizes for sex comment
Muslims torch Buddhist temples
Russia, China veto UN resolution on Syria killings
@Lustig Andrei, We're talking about angels and common pins again, right?
China army newspaper hits out at US's PRISM programme
A girl dances like a man in costume
The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt.
It depends how you define extreme.
A group of people are sweeping water out of a house.
A man is spreading shredded cheese on an uncooked pizza.
Two trains are traveling on the track.
Black and white cat sitting on wood chair looking up.
A white bus with the word Julia is near water and a big ship.
Also, businesses throughout Utah are volunteering to display Amber alerts on their signs.
Saudi-led airstrikes hit Yemeni capital
UK Sky News cameraman killed in Egypt
Toulouse siege: Police surround flat of 'Islamic warrior' suspected of being serial killer
It's obviously possible for it to leave the field without harm - it occurred.
It's pretty difficult to imagine a person with Social Anxiety Disorder being an extrovert.
A yellow bird is eating fruit on a wire grate.
A close-up of a silver train engine with a red stripe.
Helicopter crashes near rail station in London
russia is fulfilling obligations and decreasing forces.
Egypt’s Coptic Church Names New Pope
A basketball player makes the 5th rebound of the night,
A man is drawing.
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.
Nato troops kill two Afghan children
The product also streams Internet radio and comes with a 30-day free trial for RealNetworks' Rhapsody digital music subscription service.
A car is driving down the road.
Mixed Progress Reported in Fight Against Islamic State
Suicide bomber kills 13 Iraqi army recruits in Baghdad
A man wearing a hard hat removes his glasses as he speaks.
Mr Howard also said yesterday that Hicks would be fairly treated, saying he had faith in the US justice system.
Iran nuclear talks enter crucial third day
A woman is cutting an apple.
A group of people standing near a small child sitting on a horse.
Ukraine protest leaders name ministers, Russian troops on alert
Before you want to start the study of a subject, figure out what you want to achieve.
A moped in front of ruins.
From an article entitled Can You Call a 9-Year-Old a Psychopath?
8 soldiers killed in bomb attack in NW Pakistan
The girl is on a swing.
Michael Schumacher still in a coma fighting for his life following skiing accident
Sixteen killed in Venezuela prison
Nigeria university mass attacked by gunmen
25 bodies found at raided Algerian gas plant
the cfe treaty does not duly protect the russian federation's security interests.
The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.
Instead, they fear the conference is an attempt by corporate farming and biotech interests to push into new markets.
Obama says clear rules needed to calm South China Sea
Argentina declares mourning for flood victims
China lands Jade Rabbit robot rover on Moon
The company said this impacted earnings by a penny a share.
‚ÄėGlee‚Äô star Cory Monteith found dead in hotel room
Proverbs  John the Baptist was a Nazarite from birth.
A key portion of the accord was the implementation of a special council to monitor health spending, set goals for the system and measure progress in reforming health care.
Last year, Cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas on time to attend the Grammys in Los Angeles.
Will Putin's Election Victory in Russia Be Greeted with Protests?
Imagine a place that's % white and % black.
The bank also said its offer was subject to the agreement of Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by 30 September 2003.
White House, defense firms discuss automatic spending cuts
Hospital: 61 killed in Venezuela prison riot
Two skydivers dead after colliding during jump in Arizona
A young man deep in thought.
Cleveland kidnapper Ariel Castro found hanging in his cell
ALTHOUGH SATELLITE INTENSITY ESTIMATES FROM TAFB AND SAB ARE ONLY T./
Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection.
The dog is running with food in his mouth.
some of the accused will also be charged with money laundering, tax evasion and corruption.
Andy Murray deserves knighthood, David Cameron says
An animal is biting a persons finger.
Syrian Arab Republic (the): Syrian Arab Republic: Syrian Refugees (as of 28 June 2012)
The lady sliced up the meat.
I think it's just a habit.
Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said the many family photos in the home did not include Kristen.
it is a serious threat to international security.
A person is slicing some garlic.
Lesser of two evils triumphs in Super Bowl
A woman in a sari drinks something while sitting at a table.
A woman puts on sunglasses.
sufficient is an upper bound, necessary is a lower bound.
Islamists attack Malian troops in Gao
A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant
Egypt's Morsi faces trial for prison break, murder, says prosecution
Israel releases 26 more Palestinian prisoners
A person is frying a meat in the pan.
I think for an appropriate answer I'd need to know exactly what the 'bad' ideology is.
Mugabe sworn in for another term
In May 2002, LCDs accounted for only 22 percent of monitor sales.
A computer operating on a desk.
A man is tying on a stenographers machine.
A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole.
That would make you partially responsible for their death.
A boat with four sails is sailing on water.
A woman is doing her hair.
Two women are sitting close to each other and talking.
Douglas Robinson, a senior vice president of finance, will take over as chief financial officer on an interim basis.
A brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence.
this was particularly after ethiopia withdraws its forces.
Mr Morse is charged with assault and Mr Darvish is charged with filing a false report.
Man paddling a yellow canoe towards a the shore.
Tropical Storm Andrea to slide up East Coast
Despicable Ben, Stop trying to find excuses for the man.
East Timor votes in presidential election
A man pushes another man into the ocean.
Higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state.
Man arrested over double murder
The Muslims would say the same thing about the Qur'an.
U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan
Moscow protest against Vladimir Putin smaller and quieter
Brazil held by England 2-2 as Maracana re-opens
A girl in water, with goggles and swimming cap.
There are basically two types of cakes: butter and sponge (or Génoise).
Obama shakes hands with Cuba's Castro at Mandela memorial
Six Democrats are vying to succeed Jacques and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
He stated that it was a mental illness in , how is that bigotry?
13 killed in Afgan terror attack
2 killed, 11 wounded in attacks in Iraq
California's lost tax revenue was mostly due to international corporate tax shelters.
Indian finance minister quits to run for president
"Let's show we won't let them off," said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.
The cowboy rode his horse in the desert.
Nelson Mandela in Hospital for Tests
Preston and England legend Tom Finney dies at 91
you have no remains of an A- at the pentagon.
Two dead, more trapped in latest Mumbai building collapse
RBA delivers another rate cut
Owner arrested as Bangladesh building toll reaches 372
The problem I see with the GREs is that the scoring range is highly compressed.
I've had this same problem.
A man drives a car.
The worst part is that he's not even a Leafs fan!
Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie issued a letter Friday to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves.
Little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball.
I would say it is impossible to know, so don't risk it.
A white plane on the runway.
Greg Parseghian was appointed the new chief executive.
Nepalese citizens require a visa to visit the UK.
The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.
Aloes, like most succulents, are very hardy and will withstand considerable neglect .
Protests after George Zimmerman acquitted in Trayvon Martin case
Chief Executive Mickey Robinson was fired for cause in September, the company said last month.
Nelson Mandela dies aged 95
Dhawan ton sets up India Trophy win over South Africa
officials in estonia including prime minister andrus ansip have claimed that some of the cyber attacks came from russian government computers including computers in the office of russian president vladimir putin.
The lady cracked an egg for the mixer.
A man and woman are walking.
A man is firing a shot gun.
myanmar was formerly called burma.
A man carries a sign while standing in the rain.
The man is playing the guitar.
China opposes US arms sales to Taiwan
Four Asian young people sitting in a den or living room.
Israel and Hamas to observe brief Gaza truce
Suicide bomber kills eight, wounds 13 in Afghan capital - police
Punjab Mail derails near Rohtak in Haryana, 19 injured
Group of people sitting around a restaurant dining table.
Indian rape accused face verdicts
Ukraine Refuses to Act Against Russian 'Provocation'
Take a look at this:
A big green ball knocks a potato over.
AP Source: Redskins to trade for No. 2 pick
Ann Romney has never had to get out and be a part of the workforce.
Red Sox beat Tigers 5-2 to advance to World Series
If they were Jews, I would call them Jews.
A black dog and a white dog playing in the street.
If you arecomming from the non-linguistics environment, the best book is to start with Is Fromkin, Introduction to language.
A man walks a dog.
The lady cut up a potatoe.
A man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd.
I agree completely I am hoping he is into a second term of office.
religious extremism continues in pakistan despite the banning of militant groups by the pakistani government.
A man turns on the microwave.
A brown and white dog runs across the grass.
Lebanon's PM forms 'unity cabinet' Lebanon's prime minister has formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office, taking in a wide range of political groups after bridging serious divisions am
Has Nasa discovered water on Mars?
Australian PM Gillard set to win leadership challenge
The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory.
Amazon's Bezos to buy the Washington Post for $250 million
Tan domestic cat under black tarp.
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.
Man riding a bicycle down a narrow path.
Two people are on a golf course playing golf.
Plane crash in Ghana kills at least 10
A man puts vegetables into a pot.
Boy Scouts of America delays vote on lifting ban on gays
Three dogs play in a grassy field.
Romney leads Santorum in GOP Super Tuesday contests
That's when officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, according to testimony.
GM slow on recalls, Congress record shows
She said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car.
Two sheep stand in a doorway.
Sly Stallone's Sone Sage Found Dead in LA
We don't need a little bitty tax relief plan.
The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.
Funeral for Pakistan Taliban chief 'set to take place'
The plan, called The NIH Roadmap, was developed over 14 months with help from more than 300 consultants in industry and academia.
North Korea's Kim seen behind sacking of powerful uncle
A small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass.
A man and a woman holding hands walking along the beach.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US$70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
the osce meeting was held in madrid.
A man is doing trick with play cards.
Two dogs run through the brush.
In some nowadays Indo-European languages you can still see rests of base-20 numeral systems.
7.2 magnitude earthquake strikes Philippines
A skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range.
This is a part answer to your question
A person and a horse are above a fence.
A large white and grey dog runs through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course.
in a statement naif arab academy for security sciences announced-- it will sponsor a 2-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts.
A white cat stands on the floor.
Heavy rains leave 18 dead in Philippines
A boy with an oar walks out of the surf and onto a beach.
my hair is pretty thing tho :/ Quote: Ditto.
Greece to close state broadcaster to save money
Iran's president condemns use of chemical weapons in Syria
Conspiracy against me - Lance
Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."
Luxembourg votes after spying row
and i'd forgotten what a whiny little bed wetter you are.
Prince, who heads Citigroup's global corporate and investment bank, is replacing Sanford Weill as CEO.
"Whereas long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks, now they are lucky to catch one," Myers said.
It's also a stellar performer in terms of blithering idiocy.
Ecuador yet to decide on Assange's asylum
I have never read anything that said teethers were bad--where did you read that?
Sovereign shares closed on the New York Stock Exchange at $15.68, down 74 cents, or 4.5 percent.
A biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area.
the poppies yielded the raw ingredient for heroin.
A animated airplane is landing.
My teachers have told me it is bad for you.
Chairman Michael Powell and FCC colleagues at the Wednesday hearing.
Russia unveils $30 billion oil link to Pacific
You have to define the problem before attempting a solution.
A man drove his car.
Two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
A girl in a pink shirt is sprawling her limbs out in midair.
Libya ‘destroys last chemical weapons’
A group of black people in front of a building with a moped.
Greek militant group claims responsibility for Golden Dawn killings
A person crashes on a motorcycle.
from the year prior.
Barack Obama admits US has 'more nuclear weapons than we need'
The updated products include Pylon Pro, Pylon Conduit, Pylon Anywhere, and Pylon Application Server.
8 rockets fired from Gaza into southern Israel; none hurt
Indian police round up all five suspects in Mumbai rape case
Ten sheep looking at the camera.
Typhoon survivors raid Philippine stores
Egypt announces arrest of 1,004 Muslim Brotherhood supporters
A man shoots a basket.
The foreign bits are recognized by other cells that realize it is infected and kill it.
However, other unions including the powerful CGT remained opposed to the reform and demanded the government begin fresh negotiations with them.
A person is slicing an onion.
Meteorite hits central Russia, 400 hurt
Five killed by bomb blast in East India
In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.
Their differences on energy and Medicare have become so pointed other members say it is embarrassing to the party.
Yes you got it.
A man in a black uniform on a white horse.
A brown and black dog jumps for a red ball.
A woman is writing something.
That triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters, as traffic backed up in Downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
People are out on the street.
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent.
Chaudhry was released 56 days later and the Fiji military installed an all-indigenous government led by Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
A man is riding a horse by a creek.
A boy is climbing a hill.
A man is riding on one wheel on a motorcycle.
A man is coming out into the water.
The white and brown dog runs across the grass.
A girl is jumping.
Here is my answer to a similar question posted on the physics stack exchange website.
A wet child enjoys the summer.
There is a child with a ball
A man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun.
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .
Greece to vote on 2013 budget; protesters gather
Brian Halla, CEO of NatSemi, claimed the deal made sense for both companies.
Blue couch in room with sun shining in.
A dog is pulling a girl down a hill.
Turkish PM, president clash over reply to protests
A woman is chopping some shiso leaves.
A flat-screen TV sits on the floor.
You have never met anyone that is Pro-Abortion?
N. Korea vows to expand nuclear deterrent
A man is playing the guitar.
Actor Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994, extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season.
A woman is firing a rifle.
Blast near Iran embassy in Beirut
There is no "WAR" in the middle east.
It depends on what they are evaluating, and how.
A wallaby is licking a woman's hand.
Four other men who were also charged in June have already pleaded guilty.
A person plays a keyboard.
A room with a television, stereo and bookshelf.
A man is swimming.
Close up of the headlights on a blue car.
Two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish.
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
Myanmar: Opposition claims Suu Kyi win
Two black and white dogs at the bottom of stairs.
Children are playing on a trampoline in the snow.
A woman is adding oil on fishes.
Roadside bomb kills 5 Afghan policemen
A nuclear weapon explodes in a desert.
A man is peeling potato.
DOMA as a congressional statute could not violate the Full Faith and Credit Clause of the Constitution.
The skinny dog with the long tail is traveling through the field.
A little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down.
"Our outcomes are very encouraging," George Mason researcher Ken Alibek said.
A small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides.
Obama queries Turnbull over China port deal
There are a few things I think you should do.
Then he is not omnipotent.
The answer to both questions is: Yes.
The young people are wearing jeans with their red and green shirts.
I had a similar situation.
Tropical Storm Andrea zipping up the East Coast
Three people are walking a dog.
A woman is relaxing in a bath tub.
The people got off the train at the station.
People are standing on an escalator moving up.
A man is slam dunking a ball.
Plastic artist calls for greater support for new talents
A group of sheep in a field.
22 killed in mine accident in southwestern China
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Mr Martinez as he screamed in pain did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights.
Nazi chief buried in Jewish cemetary
the meeting was 3 days long.
Drone strike kills four suspected militants in Pakistan
Large white cruise ship floating on water.
Children play fight with swords.
Never, did I ever, did I say blacks were going to riot.
Colourful support at World Cup in Brazil
A small dog jumps over a yellow beam.
France Hails Breakthrough after U.S.-Russia Deal on Syria Weapons
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
Four people rowing down a river.
US: Assad used chemical weapons on Syria rebels
Belgium King Albert II 'to abdicate'
The lady put the dried noodles in the hot water to cook.
A grains management committee normally meets each Thursday in the Commission's agriculture unit -- another target of Wednesday's raids -- to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.
Malaysia: Chinese satellite found object in ocean
the treaty limits the number of aircraft, tanks and other non-nuclear heavy weapons around europe and was first signed in 1990.
Former Nazi death camp guard Demjanjuk dead at 91
A black train moves down the tracks.
Israel planes strike inside Syria
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made".
Jail is a municipal level, prison is on a state/federal/provincial/territory level.
Your freedom of speech will be no more prohibited than it is today.
Israel doesn't give a ****, accept it.
The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data.
A group of cyclists in green and white with spectators looking on.
The woman is cutting cooked octopus.
A girl is eating a cupcake.
Richard Miller, 57, survived a lifesaving liver transplant but remains hospitalized.
Two men are playing table tennis.
You might not like Obamas views, but he has them.
Philippines holds second senator over corruption
The man is holding a lemur.
A girl in an orange shirt lights candles.
The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.
Oh, and again asserts that marriage is a fundamental human right.
British Archbishop of Canterbury changes career to Cambridge
Use coco peat - It's an organic soil derived from coconut husks for garden vegetables and plants which is Eco-friendly.
russia is a member of the quartet on the middle east.
Atlas Shrugged It's also a stellar performer in terms of blithering idiocy.
UN Security Council unanimous vote on Syria
Two people flipped tractor tires in a race.
The boy fired once into a wall and sprayed the room with fire extinguishers, making it hard to see, the chief said.
Chinese military reaches out amid South China Sea tensions
Macau Gambling Revenue Hits Record $38 bn in 2012
Tony Abbott sworn in as new Australian PM
A man follows his black and white dog as it takes on an obstacle course.
Two girls are sitting in front of a statue.
For the year, it expects sales of $94 million and a profit of 26 cents a share from continuing operations.
Updated - Two explosions near finish line of Boston Marathon
Suicide bombing rocks elite Yemen military camp
U.S. transfers Bagram prison to Afghan control
The television and desk of hotel room with lamp lighting.
Select images from Bangladesh building collapse
the nuclear nonproliferation treaty is reviewed every 5 years.
More expensive homes.
Boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed during the next few weeks.
Khatami, who arrived in Beirut Monday, was also to visit Syria, Yemen and Bahrain.
Texans coach Gary Kubiak in stable condition after collapse
Feds drop 'morning-after pill' appeal
Two people are sailing a small boat.
I'm facing a similar situation; being Danish and living in (German-speaking) Austria.
Four blue and yellow planes in flight.
A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool.
A man is cutting a plantain.
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.
Three people are waiting for the rain to stop.
Google shares soar past $1,000 on strong earnings
A black dog jumps through the water.
A person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp.
Thai protesters block polling stations in Bangkok
Coroner: Whitney Houston died in bathtub
The suit was filed in the Supreme Court of New York County.
A man jumps off of one rooftop onto another.
Beer bottles (-LRB- Harp Lager )-RRB- lined up on the floor.
Flooding in Canada forces evacuation of another city
Margaret Thatcher, former U.K. PM, dead at 87
Russia praises idea to render rights assistance to Ukraine
The WHO experts didn't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas.
White bus parked in grass in front of building.
"Whatever has happened to you by way of punishment is certainly more than enough," Covello told the 49-year-old, whose family, friends and supporters filled half the courtroom.
Woman in blue shift dress cutting into food.
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually may be well on their way to hypertension under new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results.
Not a real answer to your question, but maybe it helps.
I visited Peru in August, starting from Lima and touring for three weeks.
Capello quits as England manager
Blitzbokke beaten by NZ
A group of seven people are rafting in the rapids in a green boat.
Dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth.
u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice demanded russia withdraw its forces.
syria has signed the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and has allowed agency experts to inspect its only known nuclear facility.
Tour doctors later confirmed that he had broken his right leg near the hip and also sustained wrist and elbow fractures.
A black and white photo of a cat sitting on a sofa.
Bairstow hits ton in India tour match
A little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls.
Designed to compete with Microsoft Corp., Project Mad Hatter is being positioned by Sun as a cheaper, secure alternative desktop operating system to Microsoft's various desktop offerings.
Magnitude-6.0 quake jolts Santa Cruz Islands: CENC
Al-Shater to run in presidential election in Egypt
4 killed, several injured in SW China car accident
Google invests $200 million in Texas wind farm
A poll released this week showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor has given a boost to his re-election effort.
The Justice Department filed suit Thursday against the state of Mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call "disturbing" abuse of juveniles and "unconscionable" conditions at two state-run facilities.
wen stated that the purpose of his visit to germany is to advance trade, economic and technological exchanges.
Older man wearing beret with mountains in background.
Morals have absolutely nothing to do with it !
Syrian army retakes Crusader castle from rebels
"In return we expect North Korea to give up nuclear weapons."
U.S. retailers agree to Bangladesh plant safety pact
Across US, people rally for 'Justice for Trayvon'
Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai attack
Champions Trophy: India v South AfricaLive
According to a statistical estimation I know roughly 7000 words in English.
Europe floods continue to create havoc
This varies by institution.
Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of sustained growth".
16 killed in series of attacks in Iraq
the gang engaged in illegal activities including racketeering, blackmail, arms smuggling, cigarette smuggling and money laundering and allegedly used proceeds to fund terrorist groups in chechnya.
A man is performing a card trick.
A black dog and a white dog are standing on snow.
Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.
Swiss tourist 'gang-raped' in India
The countys first and only human case of West Nile this year was confirmed by health officials on Sept. 8.
The Space Infrared Telescope Facility's mission is to search for the beginnings of the universe.
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.
Barclays boss falls to rate fixing scandal
5.9 quake hits Indonesia s Sumatra: USGS
Teenager kills 8 in knife attack
Shelley's office reported Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him.
The tan horse is in the pasture.
I think Keltari has some good ideas.... A cat can change its "taste" in litter material.
Syrian Arab Republic (the): More than 70 killed in Syria ahead of Annan return
the cyber attacks follow russian military strikes launched against georgia late last week.
Second comes HP (27 percent with $2.9 billion, up just 0.4 percent).
"These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate," Bush said, adding that the United States will find the killers.
The veteran Malyasian diplomat met Suu Kyi Wednesday at the lakeside home in Yangon where she is under house arrest.
Glover said the killer used a ``peculiar slipknot,'' including a coaxial cable and an extension cord, to strangle some of the victims.
the islamic republic is the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china.
A dog is running through a backyard full of leaves.
25 injured in anti-Islam film protest in Islamabad, Pakistan
Stars form in star-formation regions, which itself develop from molecular clouds.
A dog pants while standing in the woods.
A man in a football uniform is running with a football during a game.
Supreme Court to Hear Voting Rights Act Case
Shortly after the opening bell, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 11.13 to 9,228.48, while the S&P 500 index gained 1.74 to 982.33.
A double decker bus on a city street.
not well Alright just got in.
So was Edie Falco, the critically praised co-star of "Frankie and Johnny."
Microsoft issued a patch for the vulnerability, which affects Windows NT 4.0, Windows NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
Fatah endorses refusal to recognise Israel
A woman cuts a pink loaf with a knife.
A woman is cooking fish.
You seem as irritated as Henry.
A badger is burrowing a hole.
A long-haired dog stands in a grassy wooded area.
Israel asks US for arms that could aid Iran strike
Caldera acquired the Unix server software of the original SCO and changed its name to the SCO Group.
Macau gambling revenue hits record US$38b in 2012
They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports, and the remainder are Iraqis and Saudis, the official said.
Indonesia: Six dead in Indonesian volcanic eruption
A lady mixed up a meat mixture in bowl.
London 2012 Olympics: Opening Ceremony to be a 'green and pleasant land', says Danny Boyle
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."
The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies, and set out to make it easier for them to apply the updates.
Chris Froome rides to Tour de France endgame
Aiken's study appears in the Sept. 24 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.
How should I proceed about this?
Spanish train crash driver to be questioned
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.
A woman driving a car is talking to the man seated beside her.
Let me share my opinion as Ukrainian citizen, from Kharkiv, eastern Ukraine.
The Fijian military installed an all-indigenous government led by Mr Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
A jockey riding a horse in a pen.
The consensus estimate of analysts polled by Thomson First Call called for a profit of $1.70 per share.
Excluding patent litigation, RIM's loss for the quarter was $700,000, or 1 cent per share.
A pair of dogs playing with a purple ball.
A cat is walking on hardwood floor.
Two buses parked on a street.
The British Foreign Office said Monday that coalition authorities in Iraq were pleased that the men were freed.
The announcements were made at the International Broadcasting Convention (IBC) in Amsterdam.
Cristiano Ronaldo hat-trick fires Portugal to 2014 World Cup finals
"Fairies don't exist" - fine.
Two men are packing suitcases into the trunk of a car.
Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot razor wire, Fischi said.
A small bird perched on an icy branch.
Canadian government 'monitoring' train blast situation
A man is taking pictures of ant.
A dog running through a lot of twigs.
Malala, Snowden, Belarusians Short-Listed For Sakharov Prize
The crouching man is holding a large camera.
Something is bothering your cat and he does not like it.
People riding horses in a fenced area.
A woman is dancing and singing with other women.
A pretty white striped cat with his head hanging off the table.
South Korea regrets North's refusal of talks
The defense cannot appeal Roush's ruling until after the trial.
A large group of people riding brown and white horses.
The train comes down the track, between two rows of trees.
There are plenty of ATMs and Exchanges all around the city, especially in city center.
Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people.
Israelis, Palestinians begin talks
A man is playing a musical keyboard.
There are a lot of ways that could go poorly for you.
Honduras ambassador resigns after alleged embassy orgy
A man in a green shirt and black hat playing a guitar on stage.
Malala leaves British hospital
3 killed, 14 injured in attacks in Iraq
A white hooded woman is using a magnifying glass to look at a booklet.
Free Syrian Army captures Syrian officers
US ramps up response to Ebola crisis
spain currently holds the osce's presidency.
"There is no doubt about the chemical programme, biological programme, indeed nuclear programme, indeed all that was documented by the UN," he said.
The polar bears fought over the kill.
East Ukraine Separatists Ask to Join Russia
Bulger's brother is now on the agency's ''10 Most Wanted'' list, sought in connection with 21 murders.
A man stands on a mountain, watching a plane.
A child in a red shirt is using a black wake board to splash over a beach wave.
A grey, black, and white cat looking at the camera.
A black and white photo of cattle at a trough.
U.S. fast-food workers plan nationwide strikes over minimum wage
The info you've been given in the previous answers is good.
Car bomb kills one and wounds five in Benghazi
Obama, Romney compete for undecideds, stoke base
A woman is slicing up some pork.
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi said the shift of the rods was proactive.
Israel classifies Jerusalem natives as noncitizens
China's anger at N. Korea overcomes worry over US
Although obesity can increase the risk of a host of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol, which are not considered diseases.
The new research will be published soon in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
He started in the 1983 Super Bowl, which Miami lost 27-17 to Washington.
i be having conversations will cornell west What the hell is this?
A black and white cat standing in front of a window.
But she didn't say whether she'll certify the two-year $117.4 billion budget for 2004-05.
US Election: Mitt Romney concedes defeat as Barack Obama wins second term
A man is speaking.
A white and brown dog runs in a field.
A man is kicking a soccer ball.
The black and white dog has its mouth wide open.
Two red buses driving in front of a garden.
The commission dropped charges that Patton improperly appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and that he improperly appointed Conner's then-husband, Seth, to the Agriculture Development Board.
A sheep stands on a hillside.
Watches or warnings could be issued for eastern Cuba later on Thursday.
Albertsons and Kroger's Ralphs chain locked out their workers in response.
A woman falls on a sand castle.
amnesty international is a rights group based in london.
Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.
A man is singing to a woman.
a small black dog in the ocean with some rocks in the background
You can always ask, then it is the choice of the author to accept or not.
A man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water.
Investigators probe motives of LAX airport shooter
Taliban commander killed in US drone strike
Top Diplomats Discuss Iran's Nuclear Program
A child is playing a computer game.
President mourns death of Mandela
Former spokesman for U.S. President Ronald Reagan dies
A brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself.
Two hockey players in a struggle on the ice.
A man and a woman kiss.
The church's lawyer, Shirley Phelps-Roper, was clear: "What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the constitution," she said.
Nirvana is NOT oblivion.
A woman puts slabs of meat in a pan.
Why hate people because they are successful?
The deal, approved by both companies' board of directors, is expected to be completed in the third quarter of Nvidia's fiscal third quarter.
They don't intend to leave those items around the house or untidy the house.
A person is petting a monkey.
S. Africa's former president Mandela discharged from hospital
Egypt bans Muslim Brotherhood group
People ride and paddle a raft.
Turtles love eating goldfish and lots of things that fit into their mouths.
QPR 1-2 West Ham: Match report, pictures & video highlights
The tan and white dog is running in the field.
The officials did not say whether U.S. forces crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian border guards became involved.
Cameron 'has no concerns' over halal meat
Palestinian ambassador injured in apartment blast
Tickets, available through Ticketmaster, went on sale yesterday.
Glasgow Helicopter Crash: At Least Six Dead
A man is walking in the rain.
There's no chance of a fair trial.
I am not giving any consideration to resignation," Shumaker said in a statement.
A woman rides a horse.
Every Thursday, a grains management committee meets in the Commission's agriculture directorate to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.
jamaat-i-islami's youth wing's demonstration was against a us attack on iraq.
A man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash.
A man is riding a bicycle on a dirt path.
the plant will be constructed next to an existing plant also supplied by china and operational since 1999.
A lady is playing the guitar.
A bay foal is walking next to its mother in a grassy field.
A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash.
Two dogs playing in the snow.
A motorcycle is parked by a mural of a city in the evening.
A small white plane parked in an airport on a cloudy day.
Someone is drilling a hole in a piece of wood.
A Woman is eating.
A brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball.
Reid cites 'tremendous progress' in debt ceiling talks
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.
Agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
You may have to experiment and find what you like.
The waves of scandal angered not only victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests, to the point that Law could no longer run the archdiocese.
Red ball under yellow floodlight takes on a brownish color which is very similar to the color of the pitch.
Paul did not preach faith without works.
A man is taking some math classes.
Officials at Brandeis said this was an "extremely heartrending" time for the campus.
In Kenya, attackers used 'less is more' strategy
Chinese general’s son gets 10 years’ jail for gang-rape
I have been reading on this topic since I have asked this question.
Australia cuts interest rates to record low
State officials estimated the cost at nearly $2 billion.
UN envoy in Turkey for talks on Syria
Justice Adly Mansour sworn in as Egypt interim president
Many children, instead of being motivated by reward are motivated by being in control.
The bailout was bigger than TARP Bloomberg news.
A woman is peeling garlic.
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river
A man stands in front of a train.
president putin stated that russia would take countermeasures.
A woman is slicing a meat into pieces.
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002.
The pill, which they call the "polypill," would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering drug, three blood pressure-lowering drugs at half the standard dose and folic acid.
She won the talent portion singing "If I Could" and also won in evening wear.
People are near water.
A woman is digging in the sand.
A group of people are at a convention waving American flags.
you have no remains of a missile at the pentagon.
A man is cutting a trunk with an axe.
Thousands cross Austria-Hungary border
On May 1, he crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff and walked some six miles down the canyon.
A person is slicing some onions.
A woman picks up and holds a baby kangaroo in her arms.
Egypt protesters defy cabinet threat to end sit-ins
the united states and other nato members have refused to ratify the amended treaty.
Iran rejects claim on chlorine bombs
A young woman dressed in black.
38 killed in rains, flash floods in Pakistan
Iran Nuclear Talks Enter Third Day
Yes, it's possible for a match to get tie after applying the D/L method.
US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second-biggest oil field.
Websites battle nasty comments, anonymity
Weiner falls to fourth in new NYC mayoral poll
Zoo worker dies after tiger attack
Druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.
And the simple fact today?
Iran, six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal
Romney takes lead over Obama with convention "bounce": Reuters/Ipsos poll
Second Islamist hunger striker dies in a Tunisian prison
King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel will then recess the trial until Monday.
38 feared dead in Russian psychiatric hospital fire
A train parked at a train station.
To reach Brad Cooper, Johnson County municipal reporter, call (816) 234-7724 or send e-mail to bcooper@kcstar.com.
A cat is playing a key board.
A young boy is holding a guitar.
russia is a member of the nsg.
Anti-government protesters storm the streets of Kyiv
The charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty.
A train is running on the tracks.
China issues yellow alert for typhoon Kalmaegi
Death toll in Philippines quake jumps to 85
On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.
Two little girls talk on the telephone.
Rallies demand 'Justice for Trayvon'
Feel the fear... And do it anyway The book recommends to feel the fear.
Mann's work was all about math.
Israeli PM makes case on Iran to US voters
The man lifted barbells.
Stocks soar on Wall St lead
N Korea test-fires 30 short-range missiles
The Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 6.52 points, or 0.39 percent, at 1,645.66.
China returns 10 children abducted from Vietnam
Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, the Sandra Tapias.
Specifically a Baptist.
A large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field.
lugar and nunn awarded the prime minister a medal.
We're thrilled to be up 3-2,'' Coach Gregg Popovich said Wednesday.
But they don’t realize that until it’s too late (of course) because they’re potential victims in a horror movie.
Trombonist playing the her instrument in a band for a parade.
At the universities I've worked in North America, human-subject studies (esp.
A woman is adding oil to a dish.
Forget for a moment that you ever learned anything about so-called "complex" or "imaginary" numbers.
Tentative Deal Reached to Resume Israeli-Palestinian Talks - US
Someone is sewing things.
A boy is playing a piano.
Rudd sworn in as Australia's new Prime Minister
An alternative tripod that may serve your needs is the TrekPod.
At least 6 dead in Paris train crash
The team has named the sensor Canary, for cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields.
A man takes a slice of pizza.
Two men fistfight in a ring.
A person is drawing.
That truck was spotted in the Campbells Creek area, fitting that description, Morris said.
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.
Nine seconds later, SpaceShipOne broke the sound barrier, the company said.
A man is running on a street.
Two women walk there dogs at a dog show.
to repeat: They are NOT as sovereign as they were before.
"It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation," said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named.
Jury nullification does not mean that a law is unconstuitutional.
Ruffner, 45, does not have a lawyer on the murder charge, authorities said.
Separatists down Ukraine military plane, several dead
myanmar government has stated myanmar will become opium-free by 2014.
US praises Ukraine deal; calls for concrete action
A group of elderly people sitting around a dining table.
A man and women smiling at the camera while standing in a kitchen.
Communist rebels ambush Philippine police, kill 7
The dog could not figure out how to get a stick out the doggy door.
south korea has so far taken a cautious stance on the issue of the north korean nuclear reactor project.
Gunmen Surround Libya's Foreign Ministry To Push Demands
A car backs out of a space.
Israeli leader urges calm in Jerusalem
The latest shooting linked to the spree was a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
a key european arms control treaty must be maintained.
S. Korean economic growth falls to near 3-year low
Where's Rusty? Red panda vanishes from National Zoo
A boy riding a green trick bike over some steps outdoors.
Two dogs run side-by-side on the grass.
Syria opposition unites as Israel fires warning shots
The company has expanded into providing other services for buyers, including payment services.
you don't use the search button AT ALL, do you?
Assad agrees to hand over chemical weapons
A man is playing keyboard.
Royal Hoax DJ Takes Action Against Station
The tan and black dog is running across the grass.
Volcanic eruption closes 3 airports
Nelson Mandela dies: Live coverage
personally i would read the bible to learn about christianity.
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in it's mouth.
Track fault disrupts train service between Raffles Place, Marina Bay
A baby monkey scratches itself.
russia suspended its participation in a key european arms control treaty that governs deployment of troops in europe.
the riyadh-based naif arab academy for security sciences said in a statement that it was running a two-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism experts.
A man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave.
Ellison said that contrary to the contentions of PeopleSoft management, Oracle intends to "fully support PeopleSoft customers and products" for many years to come.
A kitten is playing with a blue rope toy.
Five-time Tour de France winner and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong had a few words of advice for other cancer survivors in Denver on Friday.
The scientist also quarantined himself at home as soon as he developed SARS symptoms, officials said.
Brooks pleads not guilty at phone hacking hearing
A woman with two men in hats socializing outside.
Missing red panda returned safely to National Zoo
The bill is among the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
First case of MERS, a SARS-like respiratory illness, reported in North America
White diamond breaks record in Hong Kong auction
Elephants are walking down a trail.
Would going on a cargo ship count as a tour?
Two boys are skate boarding.
The men played follow the leader on the grass.
Dr. Neander's revised version.
A motorcyclist crashes on his motorcycle.
A person is playing a keyboard piano.
A woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen.
The girl is riding the horse.
In Vienna, the International Atomic Energy Agency said on Monday ElBaradei had accepted Iran's invitation, but said no date had yet been set.
Bangladesh collapse deaths top 620
donohue said it is very difficult to manipulate radioactive isotopes without leaving a trail.
Obama to announce gun control plans Wednesday
The animal is eating.
Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
A small kitchen and a cluttered table with a blue table cloth.
He or she decides the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
A man is slicing some carrots.
Nigeria mourns over 193 people killed in plane crash
The question of time is an incredibly difficult one, which has been treated of philosophers from Aristotle to Heidegger.
Florida Sen. Bob Graham was not identifiable by 61 percent of those polled.
A woman is cooking eggs.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 18.25 points, or 0.19 percent, to 9,586.71.
2 Gaza rockets hit Israel; no injuries
Pussy Riot member Maria Alyokhina freed from jail
Singapore shares open 0.19% higher on Thursday
The donation of 60,000 tons brings the total of U.S. contributions for the year to 100,000.
Iconic science fiction writer Ray Bradbury dies at 91
Obama pledges to make new health care law work
A brown and white dog running on grass.
I didn't say we had gotten soft since / Rand.
That is indeed Greek Looks like a Ticket to a museum or field.
I've still got a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.
Two French journalists abducted, killed in Northern Mali
Former Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf arrested again
Russia warns it will respond if interests attacked in Ukraine
The royal household was bracing itself for any more revelations in A Royal Duty, based on the former servant’s time with Diana, Princess of Wales.
A man is crying.
Sachin Tendulkar scores cricket's first 100th century
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups tagged the state as deficient under the federal No Child Left Behind act.
Japan urges U.S. to quickly handle budget deadlock
South Africa: Mandela in hospital for tests
South Korea reports 14th Mers death, 12 new cases
Police raise death toll in bus accident to 8
Metropolitan Ambulance spokesman James Howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.
Twelve killed as gunmen raid village
The Hunger Games breaks US box office record
A man is putting barbecue sauce on chicken.
Ernst & Young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement.
Ariel Castro sentenced to 1,000 years in prison
The baby laughed in his car seat.
Stock index futures point to lower start
Two bays are dancing.
A child and parent pet a horse.
Than horse standing in a field in front of a fence.
UN Chemical Weapons Experts to Visit Syria
You need to polish up on your logic skills.
Its shares jumped to $54.50 in pre-open trading from $50.90 at Wednesday's close.
On Aug. 8, Juvenile Court Judge Robert Yeates ordered that Parker be placed in protective custody.
Polling stations open at Ukrainian presidential election
In addition, primary care trusts (PCTs) were given star ratings for the first time this year.
A small white car parked at the gas station.
Apple iPad mini makes debut in Asia
A large boat on the sea.
The problem is simpler than that.
Five-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong is in Denver today for a meeting about surviving cancer.
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 18/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.24 percent from 3.17 percent.
A blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing.
Explosions kill 29 outside two mosques in Lebanon's Tripoli
Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million a year earlier.
I'd hate to be him too.
Malaysia's ruling coalition wins majority
A woman peels a potato.
French election turnout higher than expected
A person pours cooking oil into a pot.
Two police officers standing behind a van with a bus in the background.
Eating off a spoon has to be an unusual experience for them.
After Freitas' opening statement, King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel recessed trial until after the Thanksgiving weekend.
One killed in clashes at Muslim Brotherhood Cairo offices
A boat sails along the water.
van der merwe sentenced geiges to a total of 13 years imprisonment.
Malaysia Airlines plane crashes on Ukraine-Russia border
This is about my experience in computer engineering I found that reading for breadth was the more important approach.
From the top of the embankment, Moriarty thought, "He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold."
When his grandmother, then-Princess Elizabeth, turned 21 in 1947, the day was declared a public holiday, and she attended a reception and a ball.
A lion cub tries to climb a fence.
According to a news release sent by the Terry Schindler-Schiavo Foundation, Florida Speaker Johnnie Byrd will introduce "Terri's Bill" during the special session Monday.
Fire in Beijing kills ten
Two dogs in a stream.
The same survey found the median household income rose by $51, when accounting for inflation, to $43,057.
A pair of men walk along the beach.
He explained that he found Antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at England's University of Bristol.
James : says faith without works is dead.
Ukraine: Nine people die in Kyiv clashes
A person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows.
A boy spanks a man with a plastic sword.
Detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
Obama: Congress, world credibility on line
US postpones missile test over N Korea tensions
China activist Chen lands in US
Five birds stand on the snow.
Fire at South Korean bus terminal kills 5
A woman is kneading tortilla dough.
While federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation, lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on Campbell.
Bird eating from a bird feeder.
We used a clean cloth or baby sock wrapped around an ice cube with our kids and grandkids.
I am not sure if you can open a bank account in France if you are not a resident.
Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you.
Some men are playing soccer.
A woman is slipping in the water-tub.
A person is frying.
elbaradei was quoted as saying that a peace deal between israel and its arab neighbors must be reached in parallel with a security agreement based on eradicating all weapons of mass destruction from the region.
The boy was taken to Nassau University Medical Center, where staff said he was "doing okay."
White House in damage control over Obama Supreme Court remarks
Three NATO troops killed in one day in Afghanistan
Same here, I've the 50mm f/1.4, and as my fastest lens I couldn't live without it for concerts and low-light photography.
Suicide bomber kills 23 Iraqi army recruits
You have to do what is right for you.
Someone in a gorilla costume is playing a set of drums.
The woman is cutting potatoes.
The men are playing a game of basketball.
Indian Maoist rebels offer talks to free Italian hostages
opium is the raw ingredient for heroin.
some asean officials stated such standardization would be difficult due to different countries' political systems.
Burma's reforms bring easing of U.S. sanctions
A woman is posing for a Christmas card.
Hernandez filed an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint and sued.
Blue couch and twin bed in a living room.
"Ten of six" probably means 5:50 but I have not heard it before.
Stones add second Hyde Park concert
Someone is seasoning eggs.
Coronation Street's Bill Roache Arrested
Ukraine's Yanukovych says he does not plan to resign
Stop avoiding the question.
North American futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.
A large sheep standing on a hill.
Russian meteorite leaves building gaping open
Obama urges decisive action on Europe debt crisis
But in the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, the family knew it was an uneven match, Meyers said.
Thai protesters call general strike
A person drops a camera down an escelator.
Mali Islamists destroy more holy Timbuktu sites
Green and white bird perched on tree branch.
Russia warns against setting preconditions for Syria
A woman is cutting a tomato.
Firstly, you should be aware that there are two different kinds of dashes: the en dash and the em dash.
Chinese stocks open lower Wednesday
A woman walking down the side of a highway.
A boy is cutting paper.
The polar bear is sliding on the snow.
Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.
He urged patience from Americans eager for the service, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.
Feet standing on a pretty day with large building in background.
Group of people sitting at table with drinks.
Former first lady Barbara Bush leaves hospital
Also at increased risk are those with suppressed immune systems due to illness or medicines.
Mumbai journalist gang-rape case: All five accused arrested
the osce discussed the possible extension of the osce's mission in kosovo.
Because the people had awakened.
It ain't coming to me, but it's only about a third of what I owe in the world.
The study also found that skin cancer nearly tripled in Norway and Sweden since the 1950s.
Angela Merkel wins third term in German elections
Nissan to sell steer-by-wire cars
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.
Four French soldiers killed in Afghan suicide blast
Many killed in Syrian air strike
A woman is grating an orange food.
it is picture day for the boys
What the Pope's butler saw – aide arrested over Vatican leaks
Young girl in riding gear on a horse.
there is no chance at a fair trial.
China stocks open higher Wednesday
Amnesty investigator: Syria rebels also committing abuses
I just hold the cheese closer to the edge away from the grater.
We think they have the right to choose.
A little boy is playing a guitar.
Ben, Stop trying to find excuses for the man.
13 kurds from turkey were arrested near paris on suspicion of money-laundering for the kurdistan workers' party (pkk).
Israeli lightly hurt by stones in West Bank
A woman is slicing cucumber.
A woman is working as a nurse.
Black dog chasing brown dog through snow
"I am proud that I stood against Richard Nixon, not with him," Kerry said.
north korea has claimed nuclear ambitions and currently north korea is reported to have missiles aimed at japan.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 3.47 points, or 0.36 percent, to 977.59.
A yellow boat on shore.
A man is jumping into water.
"But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech."
19 killed in Tunis museum attack
A woman is riding a horse along a perimeter.
Terri Schiavo, 39, is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years.
A person is slicing a shallot.
SUVs parked on residential streets in Monrovia were tagged with "ELF" and other slogans, and another was set ablaze in front of a house, Sgt. Tom Wright said.
A man is showing magic.
A white tour bus with red, orange and yellow stripes.
both tajikistan and uzbekistan share a border with afghanistan and have experienced raids by taliban-backed islamic militants in recent years.
Someone is dancing.
The answer will depend significantly on what country you're traveling to.
A kid plays the guitar.
The monkey pushed the other monkey.
In January 2000, notebooks represented less than 25 percent of sales volume.
A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.
I think you need to apply a little statistical thinking to this.
A black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water.
East German rights activist Gauck elected president
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students, a teacher and themselves at the school.
His lawyer, Pamela MacKey, said Bryant expects to be completely exonerated.
a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole
abe urged more assertive foreign policy for japan and the international community.
It's not how it was sold, gb.
Commercial releases of the 2.6 kernel by major Linux distributors still remain months away.
A lone cow sits in the cold of the yard.
A man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses.
The two-year note US2YT=RR fell 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 1.23 percent from 1.16 percent late on Monday.
Snowden 'given refugee document by Ecuador'
U.S. bans carry-on liquids, gels on flights to Russia
A girl is exercising.
A woman is eating something.
A black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
And it can store more than a gigabyte of information - equivalent to 1,000 high quality images or around 12 hours of music - in just one cubic centimetre.
I can't believe she is asking YOU to ask the helpful party guest for money!
US Senate confirms Yellen as Fed's next chair
As noted on the Wiki page, grass seed was imported to the new world to improve pasturage for livestock.
Two green birds fly towards a wooden telephone pole.
ingo kober stated there is larger interest in intellectual property rights now than 20 or 30 years ago.
Many guards are standing in front of the starting line of a race.
UN Chief: Inspectors need 4 days to conclude probe in Syria
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital died later Friday morning, Jones said.
Syrian forces kill teen in Aleppo protests
A white cat perched on a small wooden cabinet is looking outside the window.
Hurricane Sandy makes landfall in southeastern Jamaica: NHC
Men are falling into a pool.
A herd of caribou are crossing a road.
A bear is fighting wolves.
Cricket-England v Australia fourth test scoreboard
A man is playing drums.
Chicago shooting shows gap in stepped-up policing
UN presses need for major boost in Syrian aid
Service officials said Carlson refused to recuse himself from the case.
president vladimir putin signed a decree suspending russia's participation in the conventional forces in europe treaty.
Today, Dean ends his four-day, 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour in Chicago and New York.
Wigan 3-2 Wolves: Match report, pictures & video highlights
White and green commercial airliner taking off of runway.
Two Aust soldiers wounded in Afghanistan
The toddler is ready to climb the red piece of equipment.
A man and woman are walking through the jungle.
Haiti has been a shithole.
South Africa prays for Nelson Mandela
A surfer on a wave.
The wall-mounted flat-screen TV is showing a movie.
I don't think it makes any tremendous difference.
The difference between "necessary" and "sufficient" is the direction of the logical arrow.
The weakness exists in the way that VBA looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application.
Greece secures biggest debt deal in history
Two people make coffee.
A boy does a trick on a skateboard.
The man talked on the telephone.
Why are you talking about women within the Hebrew tribes?
A brown dog is running through the field.
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada, which serves a similar role as the FDA for the Canadian government.
A woman is cracking three eggs into a bowl.
I think he'd be better for American business interests overall.
the u.s., other western nations and nato condemned the violence.
A man is playing a bamboo flute.
The large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass.
The arrests revealed new details about the four-month investigation at Selenski's Mount Olivet Road home.
VeriSign introduced its Site Finder service on Sept. 15.
A person is slicing some meat.
Graham, a presidential candidate, was criticized by several Republicans as ''politicizing'' the report.
Maldives holds fresh election for president
Addie Joss Cone threw an  game.
Tropical Storm Karen targets US Gulf Coast
NRA official to face questions for first time since controversial remarks
Ryanair chief hails report findings
Greece votes in crucial election
The American Cancer Society and several scientists said the study was flawed in several ways.
Alleged cop killer died from shot to head
Sculptor applying concrete to large statue of human figure standing with no head.
A woman is playing the guitar.
It rather depends on which country you're in.
A bulldog sitting on a yellow chair beside a large waste receptacle.
David Cameron: Andy Murray deserves a knighthood
A dog rolls on the ground.
A man uses a chainsaw to sculpt a phallic ice sculpture.
A dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods.
The company will offer songs for 99 cents and albums for $9.95.
Egyptians vote in landmark presidential election
the spokesman said there will be an exchange of opinions on topical international and regional matters based on a joint working relationship at the heart of the u.n. kamynin said russia recognizes the participation of libya in the work of the u.n. security council.
BP sells some Gulf of Mexico assets for $5.55 bil
Egypt confirms Mubarak's PM back in presidency race
Crowds Gather in Bethlehem for Christmas
A woman jumps hurdles on a horse.
You got it right.
But we can't do it without help.
A man is performing today.
Egypt presidential election May 23-24
Eurozone agrees to lend Spain up to $125 billion
A man and a woman are smiling.
The lawyer representing Torch Concepts, Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls.
A young person  deep in thought.
I'll answer this question:
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries are being held at the Naval base at Guantanamo Bay, many captured during the war against Al Qaeda in Afghanistan.
A woman is mixing eggs in the bowl.
A woman is beating two eggs in a bowl using a wire whisk.
US drone strike kills six in Pakistan officials
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most - performers who have a hard time lining up work.
In countries like India, when you have 2/3 of the seats of all parliament, you have absolute majority.
The festival kicked off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed £4.1 billion merger.
Blast kills 10 young girls in eastern Afghanistan
PBS publishes new guidelines on impartiality
It is more deciding what you should do and what you should get others to do.
No. 2 HP saw its Unix server sales dropped 3.6 percent to $1.36 billion.
You need to be embedding a color profile in you image, as also using a browser that supports color management.
A boy is onstage playing the violin.
EU foreign ministers seek solution on Syria arms
A group of people ride in a race
Woolly sheep at auction house.
A flock of birds flying over a body of water.
An orange kitten lay on a leather couch.
A black and white photo of a living room with a large window, sofa, and chair.
The zombies are eating flesh together.
A man and women sitting on a sofa holding a small baby.
The black dog is walking through the tall grass.
In the year-ago quarter, the steelmaker recorded a profit of $16.2 million, or 15 cents per share, on sales of $1.14 billion.
A soccer player kicks the ball into the goal.
The man was pushed into the water.
Cone threw an  game.
Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.
In the latest top-level shuffle at CNN, Teya Ryan is leaving her post as general manager of U.S. programming, the network announced.
paris is the capital of france.
Hajj to go ahead despite crane collapse
"Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant," Wyden and Dorgan said Monday in a letter to the Pentagon.
A Golden Retriever jumping off a wood porch.
I bought a book, which talks about this, so here's an answer to my own question.
A boy doing a wheelie on a plank with the beach in the background.
Cow walking under the tree in a pasture.
British Christians take complaints to European court
Older woman holding newborn baby.
This answer is based on experience I did not researched for references.
A person filming the outdoors.
Three people are meeting for coffee.
They are actually going to record sales for Velcade this year," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.
Angelina Jolie's aunt dies of breast cancer
A live rabbit is playing with a stuffed animal bunny.
Thai protesters break into army headquarters
Two girls are jumping high in the air.
A man wades in the water and watches a water fall.
It's amusing to think it even might be true.
It is an excellent indicator of climate change.
WorldCom's accounting problems came to light early last year, and the company filed for bankruptcy in July 2002, citing massive accounting irregularities.
Romney to tap Ryan as vice presidential running mate
Basically, the rule is that you must play the ball, and not the man, until someone catches the ball.
Originally Posted by JonD Doubtful.
First significant gas found offshore Kenya
Ukrainian protesters back in streets for anti-government rally
Debt inspectors reach agreement with Greece
A bird standing on top of a wooden fencepost.
Egypt court bans Muslim Brotherhood 'activities'
North and South Korea break their silence with talks
A woman is putting meat in a pan.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> added 28 points, or 0.27 percent, at 10,557, hitting its highest level in 21 months.
9 dead, 11 hurt, 4 missing in Mont Blanc avalanche
This a picture of the countryside with a large city in the background.
A doctor prescribes medicine to a patient.
Palestinian activist detained in Israeli raid
Car bombing kills 53 in Damascus
A football player attempts a tackle.
Annan urges end to Syria violence, minister defects
The bird is sitting on the branch.
Second day of Egyptian presidential election
Seven foreign workers kidnapped in Nigeria
A black and white cat sleeps on a purple blanket.
The bulk of the bill - $64.7 billion - goes for military operations primarily in Iraq and Afghanistan.
If a position is unverifiable; then it should be rejected.
You can do it, but you might not be a professor.
It is all Bush's fault.
Also in Mosul, rebel gunmen on Friday assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.
Two boys playing a game of flag football.
Pennsylvania, which has the most aggressive treatment program, is treating 548 of 8,030 inmates.
I don't see him as evil at all.
One idea is cleaning the coffee residue from the coffee pot.
A sour forecast from Sun Microsystems Inc. SUNW.O put more pressure on Wall Street before the quarterly earnings season.
Avalanche buries at least 100 Pakistani soldiers
Food poisoning kills at least 20 children in India
The consumer group generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue from January to June, 53% of Citigroup's profit and revenue.
A man and a woman shake hands.
SpaceX docks with International Space Station: Up next, public travel?
A band is playing on a stage.
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq.
Children play in a pool while adults look on.
A dog biting on a can.
Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water.
Kollar-Kotelly has scheduled another antitrust settlement compliance hearing for January.
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.
It's not imposing morals.
A boy is sitting in a room playing a piano by lamp light.
A black and white cat laying on the ground in the sun.
kashmir is divided between india and pakistan.
Death Toll Rises to 84 in Pakistan Floods
Putin sworn in as Russian growth falters
Each week 138 million shoppers visit Wal-Mart's 4,750 stores.
The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were impounded a year ago at a LaGrou Cold Storage warehouse in Chicago.
A shirtless man catches a football
Two brown horses standing in a green meadow.
Strong Italy Quake Kills at Least Six
Asian markets gain on upbeat US economic data
Malaysia detains Australian lawmaker at airport
In the US, it will depend on the school.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI tacked on 97 points, or 1.14 percent, to 8,699.
Hall of Fame beckons for Capriati
Two black and white cows behind a metal gate against a partly cloudy blue sky.
View of a living room with a dining room in the background.
A small black and white dog is swimming in water.
Southwest jet hit nose first
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.03, or 41 percent, to close at $20.72 on the Nasdaq stock market yesterday.
Iran official: US visa denial to Iranian envoy will not affect nuke talks
Bradley Cooper in talks to play Lance Armstrong in biopic
Two women are hugging on a couch.
A woman is cooking broccoli.
The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool.
The lady chopped up the green onions.
U.S. drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan
Nelson Mandela returns to hospital in ‚Äėserious but stable‚Äô condition
If you answer no to  but yes to  then you are probably straight.
The company said it would renew its guidance for 2003 when it announces its second quarter results in mid-July.
Israeli Forces Arrest Five Palestinians across West Bank
What makes you think the owl didn't participate?
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.
It was random that she faced Li Na in the first round - not because she's seeded/ranked #127.
U.S., EU Widen Sanctions On Russia
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 5.16 points, or 0.32 percent, at 1,590.75, breaking a six-day string of gains.
Powerful 6.9 quake strikes off California coast
U.S. stocks fell in early morning trade on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.
Blizzard brings US northeast to a halt
You can get a rough estimate from using an online calorie estimation website.
Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.
A person is playing a piano.
The single currency rose as far as 135.26 yen , its highest level since the introduction of the single currency in January 1999.
I have seen cats not like using the litterbox for a variety of reasons.
In Linux I use Bibble, which is has some warts but which is the only serious option AFAICT.
In the United States, 20.7 percent of all women smoke.
A black and white cat lying on a blanket.
A man is cutting tomatoes.
If your interest is primarily the optics, you need to look at individual lenses, not brands as a whole.
The Arizona-based ISM reported Monday that its non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 last month, from 47.9 in March.
Instead, tickets for the Jersey jam went on sale last night through Ticketmaster.
Two men wearing traditional clothing is standing outside.
The blaze then spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them.
Soldier killed in Afghanistan blast
This is the picture of a woman in a flowered dress, toting something in a bucket.
6 killed in Philippines restaurant blast
Calls for more Egypt protests
The sales leave Mr. Turner with about 45 million shares in AOL.
I know I'd hate to be him.
I would say the best thing for me is to have a proper and consistent sleep schedule.
A person is preparing shrimp.
They were at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation.
Dalmation running along the beach.
The boy in the orange shirt is throwing the ball.
A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.
At least 150 dead as strong quake hits southwest Balochistan
A woman is cutting some octopus.
a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets.
A wooden bicycle with an awning.
A man plays the piano.
The Bush administration blames Hussein loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks.
The man cut some carpet with a knife.
Suicide bomber kills 37 at mosque in Afghanistan
alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai.
I don't know why anyone is making a fuss over the $, bet.
It depends on what and where you are going to do.
Doctors say one or both boys may die, and that some brain damage is possible if they survive.
a young man wearing a white t-shirt and green and black shorts standing on a stump.
The lady sliced a tomatoe.
Tokyo shares open higher over buoyant U.S. market
Death toll from Egypt protests rises to 49
A large dog walks along a gravel path in the woods.
Israel agrees to release Palestinian prisoners
A small camouflaged airplane parked in the grass.
Japan starts hearing on sales tax, ex-bank deputy urges gradual rise
Road with the rear image of the tail lights of a bus.
A boy is playing key board.
Over 100 dead as typhoon slams central Philippines
Chinese president meets Indian vice president
Asian markets slump on central bank stimulus fears
Organizers established a Web site, http://defacerschallenge.com, listing in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
Typhoon death toll rises to 3633
Three dogs run through a field.
Obama team raises debate stakes
Israel frees second group of Palestinian prisoners
Boston Scientific said it has gained 51 percent of the coated-stent market in Europe.
Car bombs kill at least 16 in Iraqi capital
A man is riding a horse.
A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field.
There are a few things to help your bun gain a bit of weight.
A blue train in a mountainous area.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 56.79 points, or 0.67 percent, at 8,588.36 -- its highest level since January 17.
The man played his guitar.
A lady with a yellow outfit is in the air above the bed in a yellow room.
MSN Messenger 6 will be available for download starting at 6 p.m. GMT on Wednesday from http://messenger.msn.com/download/v6preview.asp.
Stocks close 2.47% higher
People are sweeping water out of a house.
Salvador Dali painting snatched in NYC
Lower than  per cent but not very low.
UN Invites Iran to Syrian Peace Conference
Three men are drying to pull a Subaru out of a ditch along a mountain road.
North Korea says to put US citizen on trial
9,000 U.S. Marines to move out of Okinawa: statement
Someone is scratching an animals belly.
He and the other lawyers planned to stay until the river starts receding.
Three people sitting at dinner table smiling at camera.
Greek far-right leader imprisoned pending trial
The readings came back at 160 on June 16 and 120 at June 23 at one of three sampling sites at Huntington Beach.
About half of all U.S. households have money in mutual funds.
Bomb explodes at Athens shopping mall, 2 wounded
Texas residents seek healing at church after deadly blast
2 of the individuals arrested were released.
Two women are dancing and singing in front of a crowd.
The man is kissing and hugging the woman.
'Million Muppet March' to defend Obama backing of PBS
4 foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east
China yuan weakens to 6.1818 against USD Tuesday
TNK-BP has six oil producing units, five refineries and 2,100 filling stations.
It calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.
Cheap generics no panacea for India’s poorest
The benchmark 10-year note was recently down 17/32, to yield 4.067 percent.
A man is playing a cello.
Valid reasons to feel the way you do, but not a reason to resign.
Explosion Hits Hezbollah Area South of Beirut
A black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball.
A dog taking a poop in the street.
Anti-Putin protesters form human chain
Romney won't volunteer budget differences
A dog walks through the snow.
Children jumping on a trampoline.
The American women, who are defending champions, will play in Philadelphia on Sept. 25 and conclude group competition in Columbus on Sept. 28.
Palestinians clash with Israeli forces in West Bank, Jerusalem
North Korea blocks Kaesong access
The man did pushups on a wall.
A white dog is running through the water onto the shore.
10 killed, 12 injured in E. Afghan airport suicide blast
A woman taking her own photo from above.
Russia Destroys Over 75% of Its Chemical Weapons Stockpile
Two women in the kitchen looking at a object.
Bangladesh building-collapse toll tops 600
Egypt imposes state of emergency after 95 people killed
Sachin Tendulkar is sworn in as Indian senator
In 2001, President Bush named her to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest U.S. lender for students.
According to law enforcement officials, the individual decrypted passwords on the server.
Live Blog: Ukraine In Crisis
One month ago in the same poll, Katz was leading 46 to 40 percent.
Tropical storm warnings for Southeast coast
Lionel Richie is dancing on the ceiling.
Mr Blair went on: "I think we did the right thing in relation to Iraq.
You don't have to worry.
5 hurt in Gaza City car accident
Butter is melting in a pan.
Ukraine will not give 'an inch' over Crimea
Hamas in mixed-sex school 'ban'
Boeing airliner crashes in Russian city of Kazan, 50 killed
India Ink: Image of the Day: March 20
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.
Iraq Releases Suspected Hezbollah Operative Wanted By U.S.
He refused to say what percentage of domestic flights had security officers on board.
Two black and white dogs are playing together outside.
Palestinian diplomat killed in explosion in Prague
Man Charged After Buckingham Palace Arrest
A man is climbing the side of a mountain.
Turkey unrest: Unions call for strike over police crackdown
Originally Posted by muslim girl ooops sorry!
Iron Dome intercepts two rockets fired at Beersheba
The cats are playing with each other.
Delhi gang-rape verdict deferred again
The driver, Eugene Rogers, helped to remove children from the bus, Wood said.
Thousands told to evacuate in Colorado flooding
Morsi supporters protest in Egypt
the meetings lasted 2 days.
S. Sudan accuses Sudan of bombing in blow to talks
South Korea to boost nuclear power?
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 10.89 points, or 0.11 percent, to 9,837.94.
Sweden recognizes Palestinian state
Chinese president meets Greek PM, calling for stronger partnership
I absolutely do believe there was an iceberg in those waters.
Egypt issues long-waited presidential election law
A man is slicing a cucumber.
The dead man, Leon Williams, was found in his third-floor apartment.
A man wearing a shirt that says "Gigolo" is standing at a front desk area with his back to the camera.
A young man is playing the piano.
A parrot is talking into a microphone.
Prior to joining Eastman Kodak, Mr. Palumbo held senior marketing positions for Procter & Gamble.
A woman dressed in green is roller skating outside at an event.
Air strikes wound civilians in Syria's Deraa
He arrives later this week on the first state visit by a US President.
Topless Women Protest Against Berlusconi As He Votes In Election
A man climbs a sheer cliff face.
China stocks close lower on Thursday
A young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy
Q: What is the reason for people to implicitly trust their peers in extreme (or not) situations?
The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 of the state's 16 fatalities were reported.
Google Unveils Prototype Self-Driving Car
a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth
A blue moped parked on the sidewalk.
In 1900, the second modern Olympic games, 22 women competed in 5 events: tennis, sailing, croquet, equestrian, and golf.
Thanks to the euro's rise against the Japanese currency, the dollar was at 117.24 yen, well above the overnight 10-month low of 116 yen.
Egyptian army pushes to attack kidnappers
A woman is slicing big pepper.
A girl is jumping onto a car.
Black and white image of a wave crashing in the ocean.
Romney rocked by secret video
A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.
Muslim Brotherhood supporter dies in Cairo clash
Large cruise ship floating on the water.
A group of horses grazing in a field.
The company didn't detail the costs of the replacement and repairs.
I missed the point where he said that black people were going to riot.
A man is drilling a hole in a board.
"We still have a lot to do, but I feel confident that HP is no longer an integration story."
A black dog is leaping into a swimming pool.
There are several different pushup variations out there and most of them provide a unique advantage.
Should I just wait it out and see how it goes?
A man is walking with a horse.
Large black and white cat resting on a windowsill.
"The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims should keep consumer expectations at current levels and may signal more favorable economic times ahead."
amnesty international has published a report stating that an indian project to sell attack helicopters to myanmar threatens a european union arms embargo against myanmar.
U.S. Navy Jet Crashes Into Virginia Apartment Buildings
A woman is cutting some vegetables.
Markets Live: China drags
Moody's upgrades Greek credit rating
Apart from aperture and focal length, depth of field also decreases with camera-subject distance.
In exchange, North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program.
A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick.
A man is preparing some dish.
The rovers act as robotic geologists, moving on six wheels.
A boy is pushing another boy on the swings.
A man is jumping a wall.
Two dogs running on the shore.
Plaintiffs' attorneys would get $4.1 million of the settlement.
A woman is cleaning a shrimp.
The federal standard for ozone is 0.12 parts per million.
China's anger at North Korea overcomes worry over U.S. stealth flights
A few men on the deck are dropping another man into the water
China: Relief in focus as hope for missing fades
A man poses in front of a large fountain with a statue on top.
In Nairobi, the provost of All Saints Cathedral, the Very Reverend Peter Karanja, said the US Episcopal Church was alienating itself from the Anglican Communion.
The quote you provide has nothing to do with jury nullification.
A dog is jumping into the water.
Nelson Mandela Dies at Age 95
Two women are gossiping by a fence.
A dog carries a leash in its mouth.
Sudan frees Christian woman sentenced to death for apostasy
Couple get married in Britain's first Scientology wedding
Team Anna yet to decide on contesting state polls
Redskins trade for No. 2 pick
A man is giving a lecture on a podium.
Tehelka editor embroiled in sex assault scam
Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them.
The black and white muzzled dog is leaping above the grass.
Shares of M&T, which is based in Buffalo, fell 41 cents, to $91.51.
Supreme Court to hear corporate human rights case
Pakistan releases top Afghan Taliban prisoner
Miss New York wins Miss America crown
Academic achievement -- including grades, test scores and high school curriculum -- are given the highest priority.
russia had threatened several times to withdraw from the cfe when it was at odds with the united states over u.s. plans to install a missile defense shield in eastern
Like Chris said above, stars rotate to conserve their angular momentum.
In the past it has grown almost like a weed in our pots on our deck here in North Texas.
Bomb blasts before Indian opposition rally kill 4
Man sets himself on fire at Breivik trial
A baby is crawling happily.
2 dead in Bangladesh clashes over Jamaat leader’s execution
Dozens die as clashes erupt at Morsi rally in Cairo
The man is buttering the bread.
A man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign.
Have you tried asking?
An owl has its wings up and widespread during the day.
A man is running on the road.
You seem to think that poor people are not responsible for their actions.
Death toll rises in Russia plane crash
And a large part of the east coast.
Former Pakistan military ruler Pervez Musharraf granted bail
Manning WikiLeaks case turns to sentencing phase
News of Terrorism and the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict (July 31 ‚Äď August 6, 2013)
The intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.
A tiger walks around aimlessly.
A monkey is swinging from tree to tree.
Tata Nano and other Indian small cars fail crash tests
A dog knocks a boy into the water twice.
Trading of EchoStar's stock closed Tuesday at a 52-week high of $32.17, up $1.54.
How would Martin or anyone else know his intentions based on his actions?
A cartoon woman is diving off a board.
A woman is in the bathroom.
A man and woman dressedin old fashion clothing sit outside at a table.
A white cat laying on a sheet.
A man walks down a path.
Mr Pollard said: "This is a terrible personal tragedy and a shocking blow for James's family.
The man is slicing a fish open.
A person is burning cameras.
the drug has been around in other forms for years.
That is your problem, not your supervisor's.
At 12 months there was still a difference in function, although it was not a significant one.
Indian stocks open flat
Ukraine protesters battle police in new clashes
Additional to the other answers, basil famously doesn't like to be damp overnight.
Capital gains, top rate:  percent.
Israel launches airstrike in Gaza
Two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain.
"I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story," Fiorina said.
Algerian president in France for medical tests after minor stroke
The man is cracking eggs into a bowl.
Schiphol airport partly evacuated after bomb threat
A dog closes a refrigerator door.
A man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles.
A woman is peeling a potato.
Twitter says images blocked in Venezuela
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow.
A tiny blonde child in a blue dress sits on a table near her mother.
Tehran has made it clear it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted.
two dogs running in the snow
Taliban on agenda for US in Pakistan
China's online population rises to 618 mln
Donna Summer, the queen of disco
A man is putting two paper towels on a paper plate.
A man and woman blow bubbles.
So how should I do this?
A big cat opens a plastic drawer with his paws and then hops inside.
Free Syrian Army moves headquarters from Turkey to Syria
There is no clear successor for Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai.
Norway Marks Anniversary of Breivik's Massacre
A rabbit is sniffing and pawing a stuffed rabbit.
The man wearing a blue helmet is riding a Polaris.
EU declares Hezbollah's military wing terror group
Mr. Geoghan had been living in a protective custody unit since being transferred to the prison on April 3.
Iran says nuclear talks with UN 'constructive'
Mohamed Morsi sworn in as Eygptian president
Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism, he said.
Four men admit London Stock Exchange bomb plot
U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled that the Akron-based company should have determined that changes at one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions.
In Kentucky, Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher.
US soldier accused of killing Afghan civilians identified
Benzema faces possible charges in sex-tape case
Putin spokesman: Doping charges appear unfounded
A kid sits on a soccer ball outside.
Some women also express concern about a society in which more people than ever are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.
More rain hampers Indian flood rescue
NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- Former star investment banker Frank Quattrone pleaded not guilty Tuesday to criminal charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
Two people watching the water.
That is also the recommended strategy for marathons, if you are going for time.
russian investigators stated that the british company was a cia cover.
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the resurgent Aspen fire.
A group of men are dancing.
Colorado governor visits school shooting victim
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) today in a first-round game at Rosenblatt Stadium in Omaha, Neb.
He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing the seriousness of the remaining problem.
A car is taking reverse.
depending on which action furthers their lonny-tunes agenda.
The lawsuit named Secretary of State Kevin Shelley, a Democrat, and the registrars of voters in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
You're right on about the sample definition.
"Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," said Goodrich, also director of pediatric neurosurgery at the Children's Hospital at Montefiore.
Country-music station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush.
A man seasoning quail.
A man is preparing a hanging rope.
Yes, you can do exactly what you want to do.
Red Cross worker killed in Pakistan
Facing Bailout Tax, Cypriots Try to Get Cash Out of Banks
Peace Rules defeated Funny Cide in the Louisiana Derby.
Death toll in Nigeria police attack rises to 30
the villagers are inadvertently involving themselves in drug trafficking.
6.4-magnitude quake strikes off Indonesia
Two girls on a guy posing on the bow a boat.
At the service Morrill's widow, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law as people consoled her.
A man cutting butter into a mixing bowl.
But the officials later revised the numbers and said about 250 had been arrested at some 60 stores.
Sewol ferry disaster: Body of South Korean shipping tycoon found
Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.
A cat is eating corn on the cob.
40 inmates are serving sentences for murder.
A passer-by found Ben hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m., with his hands still taped together but his feet free.
the man is planning to shoot a wedding
No extortion, no bribery, no money involved Only class E felonies.
Anyway, welcome back.
The Note's Must-Reads for August 1, 2012
The gate is yellow.
Two black dogs are playing in a grassy plain.
Brahimi apologises to Syria over lack of peace progress
the cyber attack occurred after french president nicolas sarkozy's meeting with exiled tibetan spiritual leader the dalai lama.
A child holds a yellow balloon.
A double decker bus drives on a city street.
the united states dismissed the action as nuclear blackmail.
The end of the Hong Kong protests?
Iran nuclear deal agreed at talks
It's pretty much up to you.
i think it depends what you want:
It's mostly a matter of taste.
Manchester United Reveal Share Price Details
Tehelka editor steps down after allegations of sexual misconduct
You should take this animal to a vet right away.
Italy to swear in new coalition government
A man is slicing an onion.
That compares with a profit of $1 million, or breakeven, on $1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year.
A dog is wearing a gray jacket.
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of the leading producers of the vaccine and one of a handful of companies that still make it.
US drone kills six militants in Pakistan: officials
The third appointment was to a new job, executive vice president and chief staff officer.
An overweight man is skipping rope.
A man breaks a bottle with a sword.
A man is hiking.
Higher than  per cent but not very high.
experts stated that the rods could produce 3-6 atomic bombs in 6-8 months.
occupied Palestinian territory: Israeli Forces Continue to Shed Palestinian Blood in oPt
Mandela to spend Christmas in hospital
In a show of corporate solidarity, Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertson Inc. locked out their workers the next morning.
A woman dips a shrimp in batter.
Syrian opposition agree to landmark peace talks
A black dog is running through some water.
Obama silent on China dissident
It depends on what they are.
At least 1 dead, 40 hospitalized in Southwest heat wave
Griffith, 77, grew up in Mount Airy and now lives in Manteo.
Turkey's PM Warns Against Protests
A man is praying.
Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack.
Indian media: Commonwealth summit
Police treat suspicious object at Tel Aviv bus station
A woman is deveining shrimp.
Coroner confirms Whitney Houston found in bathtub
While the 'first-past-the-post system favours two parties, it certainly doesn't guarantee the marginalization of third parties.
Production for the second quarter was cut to 46 million barrels from 48 million barrels.
EU plans major new sanctions against Iran
A man sits in a public place eating an apple.
Harry Kane leaves it late to rescue a point for Tottenham Hotspur
The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June.
I grill salmon that I get with the skin on.
Kids playing ball in the park.
Not a good beginning: Hollande's plane hit by lightning en route to Berlin
A monkey is walking through the water.
Former England great Tom Finney dies at 91
Early Monday, insurgents threw a homemade bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing an American soldier.
The cat played with a watermelon.
Choc powder recalled over salmonella concerns
Briton among dead in Kabul suicide attack
Men are jumping into water from a bridge.
Problem is, the system doesn't account for people who could care less about money, or title.
Michelle Obama To Star In Parks And Recreation
A cat is drinking milk.
A dog is running through the ocean.
Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on Campbell, though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe.
Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign.
Turkish Search Ends as Last Missing Miners Found
"I'm going to try to march with a number of different groups," Bloomberg said.
Someone is peeling a banana.
There are actually quite a few differences between the different types of flour.
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.
Malaysia Airlines plane vanishes on flight to Beijing
Navistar shares were down 44 cents, or 1.1 percent, at $41.19 on the New York Stock Exchange after falling as low as $39.93.
CCTV: York conmen dress as women to trick pensioners
A black and white dog is running through the grass.
A lion is walking around.
Syrian troops kill 35 in Damascus suburb
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage.
I don't believe not knowing a character's name would be confusing unless you make it so.
The dogs are playing in the snow.
Chicago teacher strike nears end with 'framework' agreement in place
Queen meets Britain's new baby prince
As @Sarge says, this is for a doctor to diagnose properly.
Kerry meets Israeli leaders to push Mideast peace
Can you do it?
"They were tossed around like feathers," Gordon said.
Before Thursday's matinee, Baker called a clubhouse meeting, concerned that the controversy had distracted the Cubs.
A man is skating.
Chaos is merely people voting.
Two brindle dogs running in the grass.
He added that prosecutors will seek the death penalty.
Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field.
A man is taking a picture.
I am hoping he is into a second term of office.
. Satan represents vengeance instead of turning the other cheek!
Sandy Mitchell, 44, from Kirkintilloch, Glasgow, and William Sampson, a British citizen born in Glasgow, face beheading in public.
China yuan retreats to 6.2697 against USD Thursday
Two black dogs are playing in a grass.
A close-up of an animal with a long face standing on grass near a tree.
The man stirred the sauce for the chicken.
Jury nullification means a law isn't Constitutional?
A boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field.
A monkey pratices martial arts.
I Shot the Sheriff We are all vessels filled with many wonders.
A row of beer bottles on the floor.
Stocks edge lower following retail earnings
The more you sweat, the faster you will burn calories and fat.
A group of people are dancing in concert.
Intrinsic reward is the emotional pay-off that you get by completing an activity.
lets assume we have % white and % black.
a woman watches a rap group live
Israel approves release of first group of Palestinian prisoners ahead of peace talks
north korea has boasted of nuclear ambitions and north korea is now reported to have missiles trained on
That compared with $35.18 million, or 24 cents per share, in the year-ago period.
A girl is standing next to a man.
"We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."
Woman dies in Co Cork house fire
Iran nuclear experts, world powers to resume talks next week
bulgaria is located on the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula.
On Monday, the Dow declined 5.25, or 0.1 percent, at 8,983.80, having shed 2.3 percent last week.
2 Cows are in a field.
Suspected Boko Haram attacks kill dozens in Nigeria
UN monitors yet to reach site of Syrian 'massacre' – video
A man with a grey beard rides his bike on the beach of the ocean.
In the first case, I think you don't need it.
Yes, it is accepted practice to wash new Semi-Static rope (or Single Rope Technique/SRT Rope as it is known by cavers).
Two brown dogs running through water.
A slow loris hanging on a cord.
UN closes in on landmark arms treaty
An air plane is taking off.
The man is standing on the shore hitting a ball with a paddle.
I'd be more inclined to believe that it's some sort of ring world.
Character actor Hume Cronyn, 91, died Sunday at his home in Connecticut.
Gunmen kidnap 2 Turkish Airlines pilots in Lebanon
White diamond fetches record $34m at HK auction
Italian President Napolitano elected for second term
Italy‚Äôs centre-left splinters in presidential vote
Syria army takes northern rebel stronghold
A person is putting salt and pepper on a piece of pork.
Beijing's Aircraft Carrier Returns from South China Sea
U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.
Ten killed in Alaska plane crash
Under the program, U.S. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify, target and search high-risk cargo.
The tech-laden Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 8 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,645.
A man is doing back flips on a trampoline.
A black and white photo of a man in a classic car and a man with a classic motorcycle.
Whitley's attorney, Marc Garber, called the ruling "a huge victory."
Two men are fighting using a form of martial arts.
He was arrested in Atlanta, Georgia, on Monday night by police acting on a tip-off.
russia may pull out of the treaty if the us and other nato allies refuse to ratify the amended version.
No, you don't need to have taken classes or earned a degree in your area.
Shinzo Abe is Japan's prime minister
A boy is drinking from a juice packet.
Graham is expected to be nominated and elected to a second one-year term today and will deliver the presidential address.
A man climbing a rock-face.
Government of Canada Supports Women's Safety in Regina
U.S. Military Deaths in Afghanistan
Two dogs running through a grassy field.
Warship sets sail for Falklands
iran lies on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf states.
2 Pussy Riot Members Reunited in Krasnoyarsk
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the U.S. government can withhold the names of people detained as part of the September 11 investigation, reversing a lower court decision.
Fire breaks out near secretariat in Srinagar
It depends on what you want to achieve.
North Korea Shuts Last Remaining Hotline to South
There is no code telling you that you cannot do this.
Four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach.
A man is rapidly lifting small weights.
a boat moving in a river.
A cat is licking a sucker.
A baby is sitting in the grass.
UK: Iran nuclear talks at a serious point
The person is removing the scales from the fish.
If evidence is not provided to support a position; then it should be rejected.
U.S. recognizes Syrian opposition
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Sept 27
Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment.
The man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd.
A dog is swimming in a pool.
israel remains outside the treaty.
A man is placing meat inside a plastic bag.
A red and white bus drives down an England street.
Stefani's remarks further stoked tension after Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi last week compared a German member of the European Parliament to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
If it wasn't bollocks it wouldn't be homeopathy.
Black and white dog running through water.
A man is performing a stunt outdoors.
British soldier killed in southern Afghanistan
The woman is walking her dog.
GPS (wikipedia) is based on orbiting satellites and so is accurate worldwide.
The cat is standing on the window sill looking at the camera.
Moon rocks indicate earth's orb born of collision
Barack Obama's personal evolution on same-sex marriage
Chiron and Aventis Pasteur together made about 80 million doses, ordinarily enough for U.S. demand, The Associated Press reported.
A man is speaking on a stage.
Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.
France shuts mosque, arrests man in crackdown after attacks
A big turtle is walking.
A light brown dog runs down a path happily.
Tech sell-off sends Asian stock markets lower
Police: Gunman killed 6 in California shootings
The boy fell off his bike.
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell and the panel's two other Republicans.
US waives riders for Pak aid
South Africa police say they killed 30+ miners
Series of attacks kill 10 police in Afghanistan
Tokyo to host 2020 Olympic Games
Governor Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $2 billion.
NATO: 5 Americans killed in southern Afghanistan
UN takes over peacekeeping in Central African Republic
Two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign.
A dog runs through the snow.
The man is hiking in the woods.
His sport utility vehicle was found June 25, abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach, Va.
Russia invites Syrian opposition for talks
Michigan IS a GOP controlled state.
A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite.
China's generous 1MDB bid seen reaping it big returns in Malaysia
Prince Philip hospitalised in London
Motorcyclist performing a wheelie next to a car.
Someone is playing a keyboard.
Belarus tightens security along the border with Ukraine
MH17 dead flown back to Netherlands
Warren David Campbell, 32, and climbing companion Jonathan Smith, 47, did not return as expected on Tuesday from climbing on Mt D'Archiac in the McKenzie District.
It depends on the meat and how it's cut.
Opinions are different.
a report issued by security software vendor mcafee inc., said government-affiliated hackers in china are at the forefront of a brewing cyber cold war.
Federer Wins 7th Wimbledon Title
They cover more than 300,000 UAW workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses.
Someone is greating a carrot.
A person dices up an orange pepper.
A brown dog laying on a blue cover.
TV weatherman Fred Talbot arrested over sex claims
20-member parliamentary, trade team leaves for India
Kurds see Turkey impeding Islamic State fight
Hostage drama drags on after Alabama school bus shooting
Washington: More Than 100 Are Charged in Medicare Fraud Sweep
Death toll in Kenya bus attack rises to six
But Vincent Weafer, security director with Symantec Security Response, said all the virus did was visit a pornography site.
Two sheep are standing, looking at the camera, face opposite directions.
gorgich and pashtoon were executed for trafficking heroin in sistan-baluchestan province.
Best way to turn it on its head is to get money out.
A woman is mixing a cream in a glass with a spoon.
She is putting away the bike.
Shinseki's career included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.
Red double decker bus taking on passengers.
A man is lifting a barbell.
A woman in riding a brown horse.
I've had this problem while working in a pubs.
Eight NATO Troops Killed In Afghanistan
Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans.
The young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly.
Google Unveils Concept Self-Driving Car
A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra, the Organization said.
The jury also found Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing Olvera-Carrera with pepper spray.
Nine seconds later, it broke the sound barrier and continued its steep powered ascent.
Renowned Spanish flamenco guitarist Paco De Lucia dies
Obama canceled meeting with Putin
Couple with newborn baby.
A man is sitting and playing a small guitar.
Obama widens lead over Romney despite jobs data: Reuters/Ipsos poll
This sound like a very bad idea.
Putin 'wins' Russia's presidential election
ICC lawyer held in Libya faces 45-day detention
Two dogs playing by the shore.
A person is jumping a bicycle and performing a trick.
The man is stirring oil.
A red and white England bus drives down the street.
Bulgarian president tries to break election stalemate
A woman is boiling noodles in water.
Libyan assembly rejects new cabinet, dismisses PM
Israel bars Palestinians from Jerusalem's Old City
MIER ups 2012 growth forecast to 4.2pc
Some researchers believe domestic cats never really mentally grow up completely and they always look at you like their mom.
Closer Eric Gagne earned his 17th save in as many opportunities as he struck out three of the four batters he faced in the ninth.
A man is watching three asian kids dance.
Nah, that's not how it works.
The person lit the cameras on fire.
A man wearing a t-shirt that says "Gigolo" stands at the counter talking to someone.
the cfe is very important for european security.
Tottenham v Manchester City ‚Äď live!
A girl is putting gel in her hair.
As part of a restructuring Peregrine sold its Remedy help desk software unit last year to BMC Software Inc.
This may be overly obvious, but in American English, saying "you're welcome" is certainly polite and standard.
The dog played with a bug on the carpet.
A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park.
Middle East: Iraq: 17 Prisoners Escape in Kirkuk
Syria car bomb kills at least 12 in rebel-held town
Egyptian court considers Mubarak‚Äôs release
Pakistani PM shocked at avalanche trapping army personnel
A man is slicing potato.
Several shots rang out Wednesday night, but no gators were killed then.
Manmohan in Tehran, asks NAM to take a stand on Syria
Four people eating dessert around a table.
The Philadelphia Stock Exchange's semiconductor index .SOXX jumped 6.10 percent.
A small boy laying on a sofa with a dog.
The fruits should be eaten with lemon juice in order to prevent oxidation in your stomach.
Yes, this is OK, as it allows you to emphasise certain things, that you want the readers to notice.
Supermarket chains are accusing union leaders of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend as grocery clerks gear up for a possible strike.
A man is meditating.
US stocks fall as Greek talks lumber; Apple falls
As executive vice president of new ventures, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, EMC's president and chief executive.
A blackbird sitting on the ground.
A siamese cat resting on a white sofa.
What kind of insulation is it?
A cat is licking himself.
A boy in a jacket playing.
A man is alone on the back of a tandem bicycle.
The boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them.
Syria opposition unity take face specter of collapse
Birds fly low over water.
A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.
Police believe Wilson shot Reynolds, then her mother once in the head before fatally turning the gun on herself.
A man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper.
A women wearing a bikini top and jeans.
Asteroids are what are called minor planets - small inner solar system rocky bodies.
A white and grey cat in a bathroom sink looking at the camera.
The horse is running.
A tan dog lying on a moggie bed looking up at the camera.
This post refers to research in the STEM fields, and may not be applicable to other research topics.
Jersey Murder Trial: Killer 'Hearing Voices'
Three dogs round a bend at a racetrack.
A little bird floating in the water.
A person is driving a motorcycle on a road.
Two Earthquakes Hit Northwest China, 11 Dead
I'd say the expression I don't got... is generally rare in spoken AmE.
Musharraf arrested in Pakistan
A group of sheep grazing on a hill.
Yee grew up in the United States and graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.
A small cat laying on a wooden beam looking up at the camera.
A panda is sliding down a slide.
During a period of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised more than $7 million.
The brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth.
A man and woman are walking together through the woods.
Heavy rain raises threat of Christmas Day flooding
Several ferrets climb out of their cage.
A person driving a cart pulled by a bicycle.
Dutchy Has anyone heard from Dutchy?
An attorney for plaintiff schoolchildren said he plans to appeal.
Therefore, the universe has an explanation of its existence.
dozens of such criminals have been hanged in public.
The young rider takes a ride on the brown horse.
john duncan is great britain's ambassador for multilateral arms control and disarmament.
The capital severely punishes people who head out to the restricted areas (e.g.
Iran ends cooperation agreement with Pakistan
Clinton ready to fight for Obama
I am a PhD student in Computational Science, which is an interdisciplinary major spanning mathematics, computer science, and engineerning.
A woman is water skiing on a lake.
Bank of England deputy denies ordering rate-rigging
Besides battling its sales slump, Siebel also has been sparring with some investors upset about huge stock option windfalls company managers have pocketed.
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995.
There is no more sperm cell.
Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.
The word "cable" has its origins in the days of the telegraph.
Someone is carrying a fish.
A woman measures another woman's ankle.
Three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the Union Jack.
A sports fan is wearing face paint in the stands.
Syria’s chemical weapons could end up at sea
a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor.
"I don't know whether the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else," Parrish said.
The young adult are cold
A woman is sewing on a machine.
The arrests came just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the militant group's leader in Hebron.
Philadelphia building collapses; reports of people trapped
I've found an additional concept that may be related to the original question: prototype theory.
9,000 U.S. Marines to leave Okinawa
a man in a black shirt is roller blading past a bench in the city.
Communist rebels kill eight Philippine police
Egypt president declares state of emergency in three cities
A red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the American flag.
A brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps.
Cars, drivers plunge into river after Wash. I-5 bridge collapse
Dozens of 'flytilla' activists protest at Paris airport
a woman with a viking hat on.
Three dogs, one white and two brown, are running together on a field of grass.
Fire in Beijing kills 10
An Amtrak passenger train waiting at a station.
US Senate to vote on fiscal cliff deal as deadline nears
You claimed Zimmerman " Stalked him down, then shot him ".
A man riding a small bicycle.
A white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow.
Jakarta prays for metro to ease traffic chaos
Definitely plan a month ahead - it's totally OK for your plans to change - just amend them as they do.
A woman is dancing and singing in the rain.
The Nazis increases the longevity of a handgun permit from  to  years.
St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman, 51, will be CEO of the combined company.
Someone is drawing.
Hovan "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone, defense attorney John Speranza said.
Egyptian court bans Muslim Brotherhood
Several children playing in a ball pit.
Sadly Ford did accept taxpayer money.
Assembly meets amid Chavez crisis
A person is standing underneath an overpass near a highway.
The man rode his motorcycle down the highway.
One dead in Philadelphia building collapse, others pulled from rubble
Pakistan drone strike kills up to six
Jake with the assist.
Two teams are playing soccer.
Obama signs up for Obamacare
A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee.
A woman is wearing a white headband, purple tank top and black gloves.
If it isn't a person, then WTF is it?
These cooks in the white are busy in the kitchen making dinner for their customers.
Narendra Modi 'photoshopped' image of Chennai floods visit goes viral
the iaea report is restricted.
Lakers Fire Coach Mike Brown After 1-4 Start
Police converge on street in search for Boston bomb suspect
Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.
The Standard and Poor's 500-stock index, a broad collection of equities representing leading companies, finished its best quarter yesterday since the last three months of 1998.
A woman is cutting meat into pieces.
